	id	posted_date	posted_days	review	review_rating
0	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-12-02	18.0	I'm usually not much of a writer on Yelp. But this one deserves a better score, so here's my input. I've been in many japanese restaurants and I think this one is amazing. The service was tremendously warm and I loved that. I loved the way people want to make you happy. For the food, well it's quite cheap - I mean, japanese food can really get expensive. So although I've tried better, this one is pretty good for the price. Actually, I'm going there tonight again. 	5.0
1	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-12-09	11.0	Looking at the menu, it seems an attempt to be small plate style. Debated between the miso cod and sushi assortment.  Coming in on an empty Wednesday night,  I made sure to ask if the fish was freshly brought in.  They said it's brought in fresh every morning. So decision made, I order Sashimi with karaage to start. Sashimi came out before the karaage.  Fine.  Sashimi was ok but not one of the better in the area. Soy sauce bottle was completely empty so had to steal a nearby bottle. Wasabi was extra chunky - -  maybe dried out? Karaage was fresh to order and dark meat.  Sounds amazing! .... but not fully crispy. Well seasoned and I wouldn't mind eating more though 	3.0
2	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-10-05	76.0	Came here for dinner and was totally impressed. Everything was beautifully presented and the subtle flavors were authentic. The mixed greens with ginger dressing and pine nut salad was delicious and unexpected.   Caveat based on other reviews: the restaurant was not busy, so the service timing was perfect. It was a work dinner for me so I didn't mind paying a little more, but I probably wouldn't go here all the time on my own dime. 	5.0
3	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-12-19	1.0	I had the spicy crunchy salmon roll and miso soup and I will definitely order it again! The sushi was fresh and flavorful with just the right amount of crunch to it. And the miso also had a very nice flavor, great for a cold day! 	4.0
4	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-09-06	105.0	"Came here with a Co-worker for the lunch specials, wasn't impressive by far. The Take-Out Menu I picked up the day before had so many spelling errors that should have been the first ticker.    The lack of variety for lunch was a turn off, as you are offered three Tempura Bowls, Teriyaki Chicken, Shrimp &amp; Chicken and Vegetable. I opted for the Veggie bowl, yet it still came out with Shrimp on it...there's goes my Shellfish allergen LOL. The server went back and corrected my order. I wasn't in the mood for the Miso Soup so when I inquired about the options to substitute for a salad, one would think I asked for a $100 Sushi Boat in exchange.  I offered to pay for it, yet what I got was a mini three bite seaweed salad.  &amp; please don't expect to request Brown Rice as they don't offer it.   I get the whole lunchtime aspect of price point &amp; timeframe, yet if you are going to offer ""lunch specials"", make it special. Or at least have a variety of selections &amp; or substitutions as not everyone possess the same palate of Sushi cuisine.   The plus was the convenience and hostess as she was very nice. "	3.0
5	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-08-28	114.0	Two and a half stars. Clean single occupancy bathrooms in back. Service is good, but it's really pricey, even for Bethesda. Miso soup was good. Decent quality fish but thin slices, crispy skin on the unagi, tamago that trends savory, a radish slice and mushroom quarter to garnish the jo-chirashi; pickled ginger was layered between the fish and the rice, kind of defeating its point as a palate cleanser. By the description, the chef's chirashi would be similar to SY's format in Vienna. $2 for quality hot green tea, so skip it unless you have multiple diners to benefit from the free pot refills. At these price points, literally every other sushi joint in Bethesda offers a better deal on chirashi. Maybe kitchen entrees are where it's at? 	2.0
6	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-12-09	11.0	Everything fell very true to authentic Japanese cooking... Pure, fresh, light, and well paired. 	5.0
7	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-06-02	201.0	How did I not know about this place sooner!? Stumbled here one night when another sushi place down the street was closed. And thank god it was closed - because this place was great!  The shrimp tempura and avocado roll was probably one of the best shrimp tempura rolls I've had. My mouth is watering now as I'm typing this. It was just sooooo good. The other rolls we got were also very good - crunchy california, jalapeño tuna, and crunchy salmon.   The seaweed salad was also great - and came with this tasty peanut sauce.   The server was very attentive and everyone else there was really nice too. So happy I found this place randomly and can't wait to go back! 	5.0
8	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-09-06	105.0	The rolls we ordered tonight were great. I came here about 2 months ago when I first moved to Bethesda and had an okay experience. But this time the Spicy Crunchy Tuna and the Spicy salmon Rolls were both on point. Don't be afraid that it's a little empty at night, it's probably just a location thing. Because the food was definitely worth it. I would now come back and I'm glad I didn't write it off after my first visit. Walking distance to my apt so I'll be back 	4.0
9	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-03-22	273.0	Authentic Japanese! A hidden gem along Wisconsin Ave. Yuzu has a tremendous selection of sushi (the Umeshiso - flavorful sour plum and shiso leaf was a revelation), but the real joy is in the hard-to-find traditional cooked dishes. We enjoyed the agedashi tofu, eggplant dengaku (superb), gomaae, kimpira gobo, and a main course of the saikyo miso black cod (delish).  The combination of flavors, all cooked to perfection, were washed down with refreshing draft Kirin Ichiban. A delightful culinary experience!   Parking is easy - stop around the corner at Waverly Garage on Montgomery Street, across from the police station. Be sure to make this your stop for Japanese food in Bethesda!  My friend is bringing her Japanese mother here next week! 	5.0
10	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-09-17	94.0	We walk by this place constantly in that never-ending serch for a decent lunch (fas) place in Bethesda.  Yes you all:  Bethesda.  Yes there are tons to eat, but if you work here, you will find that most places are sit-down and take way too long for a lunch.  Boss was paying, so why not?  Walked in for the first time and was pleasantly surprised at the decor.  It is much larger than it appears from the outside.  Got the Bento Box for $12,95 and it was good, nothing to complain about.  Not much meat and no roll?  He got a plate of rolls which were good and the rice was very fresh.  One thing that always got to me from reading the menu that they have outside the door are the prices.  A bit high, but then again, we are in Bethesda.  I get it......the landlords that control  EVERYTHING probably have their lease jacked higher than the Hilton Hotel tower. 	3.0
11	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-10-07	74.0	I was born and raised in the area and have lived right by this place since it opened. It is easily top 2 or 3 Japanese/sushi places in Bethesda, and when you factor in price, it's outright the best.   I've had great meals dining it but was most recently impressed with the takeout sushi. 	4.0
12	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-11-09	41.0	The food was very low quality for the price and some of the items in the bento lunch seemed to come from prepackaged products not to mention the flavor was not very Japanese and the tea was flavorless.  I wouldn't recommend this as a Japanese option but the ambience was nice and clean. 	2.0
13	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-12-06	14.0	Expected more for the price! The portions are too small. You can get more with the same quality not too far from there and at a more convenient location with easier parking. It could've been a gem but it is missing the mark, maybe overpriced to pay the bills but it won't bring popularity. Service has a lot to improve... 	2.0
14	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-06-05	198.0	Went to Bethesda with my girlfriend to see a play at 8pm on Friday, so we decided to try Yuzu out based on the 4 star review average. We were seated by 6:40pm, submitted our order shortly after. Food was taking a while so they comped us a seaweed salad, but neither of us liked seaweed so that was a waste. Finally got our Tsukune appetizer 30 minutes after placing our orders. So 30 minutes to cook two chicken meat balls...   By 7:25pm we were still waiting for our sushi and at this point were irate with no updates on our order. We decided to simply leave before one of us lost our composure and told them we had to go since we had a show to attend and didn't want to have to scarf down pricey sushi just to make it on time, assuming we would have gotten the food in time to do even that.   We went to subway a block over and at least we're able to get our fill there promptly and for cheap. Not exactly the optimal date night dinner we had hoped for prior to my gf flying out the next day for a week long business trip.   Been a long long time since I simply up and left a restaurant like that.   At least the staff was cordial about it and didn't seem surprised or try to convince us.  They need to do some serious review of their operations and fix the bottleneck. I'd be glad to consult as an operations manager. 	1.0
15	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-05-22	212.0	We stumbled upon this place while walking to our hotel around the corner. We were craving some sushi after a long conference day. We walked inside and was pleasantly surprised at the space and how nice everything looked. There was a nice sitting area up front so we sat there to determine what tasty rolls to order for take-out.   So many interesting options! The place must be authentic, we thought. So we each ordered two rolls - one of the special rolls like lobster, and one other roll like spicy tuna or salmon. Got a seaweed appetizer to share. Order placed by a nice gentlemen - now to wait for the food to take back to the hotel!   So the three of us just started chatting... about the conference, about life, husbands, science, kids, World World I... we witnessed a cute prom couple (so cute!)... and we realized it was probably 40 minutes and the food hasn't come. We were getting irritated and tired but finally, a man brings us the sushi boxes in a paper bag; he looked anxious, apologized, and quickly left.   We then walk back to the hotel, looking forward to eating. How disappointing! The rolls were so small ! Okay, for the simple rolls that is expected. But for a special roll? My two rolls comfortably sat in a small container and I paid $22 for this? They were good but great. Nothing special. The seaweed salad, however, was terrific. Three types of seaweed that were lightly salted. We enjoyed the salad. The sushi was good too but we were disappointed at the value / taste, especially after the slow service. Although we were visitors to Bethesda, we wouldn't want to come back again. They say everything is expensive in Bethesda but we experienced bigger portions and taste for the money in other restaurants in the area. 	2.0
16	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-04-24	240.0	I came here on a weeknight and it was pretty empty so I don't think reservations are required. The sushi was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. Prices were kind of high but it's in Bethesda so that's expected. I ordered a hot sake but it came out room temperate, asked them to warm it up and it came out slightly warmer lol. I mean I guess they were afraid we would burn our tongues. Sushi rolls seems to be worth the price and pretty tasty. 	3.0
17	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-11-17	33.0	Awesome food and service. Arguably the best Japanese food in the WDC area. 	5.0
18	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-08-10	132.0	The sushi rolls and miso soup I had were great. The service was good. It says here they have free wi-fi but when I asked for the password they said they do not give it out. 	3.0
19	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-11-30	750.0	I just finished lunch here with my aunt and brother; it was a pleasant experience. The staff is very accommodating and friendly. The interior of the restaurant is modern but still has a Japanese flair to it. However, I wish there was some kind of partition at the front door to prevent the chilly air from directly coming in contact with the patrons.  Anyways, we ordered a multitude of dishes which included tofu, scallop carppacio, flounder sashimi, the larger sashimi assortment, and others. The sashimi itself was decent, nothing really exceptional; however I did enjoy the fact that scallop came with the assortment. I reserve judgment until I try the omakase at dinner time.  The dessert here is fantastic! Our hostess verified that all the desserts are made by the chef's wife. I actually ate FIVE portions of the dessert by myself. Two portions of the chocolate cake, caramel cheesecake, panna cotta, and all 3 flavors of the ice cream (yuzu, black sesame, green tea). The panna cotta was absolutely divine, with the most delicate silken texture that I have ever had in a custard.   I will come back in the near future for the omakase, and of course the dessert! 	4.0
20	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-10-28	783.0	"I came in craving Udon thanks to their sign on the sidewalk.  Unfortunately, I was a bit late as they were out.  No biggie, the menu was robust enough for me to find another suitable option.  I opted for OSHINKO and the small SHRIMP AND VEGETABLE TEMPURA PLATE.  The OSHINKO, house made pickles, were disappointing.  They really didn't taste very pickled.  If I had wanted a selection of veggies, I would have just ordered veggies or gotten the large tempura plate.  The small SHRIMP AND VEGETABLE TEMPURA PLATE was of average quality and taste.  However, the ""small"" was a very decent size with a generous amount of shrimp.  All the food arrived promptly and the service was friendly.  While my meal didn't blow me away, I'd be open to returning to give the Udon a chance... "	3.0
21	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-02-10	313.0	"Yuzu was tasty for sure.  The sushi was well made, and the hot dishes we got all were well seasoned and executed better than I had expected.   The only real feedback that I have for Yuzu was service. Understanding that a meal in a Japanese restaurant doesn't always get served in what we would consider a traditional format, the food for our meal was a bit ""Too"" staggered.    There were three of us, and we each order a soup, a small plate, and at least one sushi dish.  It took a good amount of time for the food to start rolling out and when it did it was very inconsistent, with one member of our party almost completely finishing his meal before another was given his second dish.    Notable dishes from our meal were the Corn Tempura, served with a tasty wasabi salt and O-Toro Nigiri.  We also order a few of their specials that ranged in success.  The Blue Crab miso, while tasting very good, wasn't really served in a way that my friend could eat it (just a large split chunk of crab body).  The spicy chicken was excellent, well fried and the spicy sauce offered the perfect level of heat.   Overall, Ill be back to Yuzu - but lets get the service issues worked out. "	4.0
22	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-04-14	615.0	Yuzu is so much bigger inside. It's a really nice, open space - which is so different from the outside appearances. We were lucky to have an excellent server who answered any questions we had. The sushi was really good (the best was the chef's roll and the eel nigiri was better than most places)  - probably my second fave place in Bethesda at this point, so I was happy. Prices are reasonable too. That said, I'd still go to my fave place first and only come here if the wait was too long. 	3.0
23	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-04-27	237.0	My two favorite Japanese restaurants in the DMV area is Tachibana and Yuzu. Yuzu has the best sushi in the Montgomery county area. Their grilled mackerel is also the bomb, and they have some of the best nigiri sushi in the area. Their yakitori (grilled chicken skewers) are also very well done. 	5.0
24	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-31	354.0	Dinner on Boxing Day. The place was mostly empty, there was plenty of staff, but service was still hard to flag down, not particularly quick (I saw our sushi sitting on the pass for several minutes), and imperfect (forgot one drink, and on a pretty small party). Food quality, though, is much higher than the norm for storefront sushi in Bethesda, albeit priced accordingly. (Who doesn't include miso soup in a sushi dinner? Well, Yuzu.)  I'm a little surprised it's held on this long, and could use a boost in attitude, but the food really is excellent. 	3.0
25	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-04-10	619.0	What are you looking for when you go to a restaurant? My answer is service and the quality and value of the food. Unfortunately, Yuzu has neither of those.  Drove from Rockville at rush hour for dinner because my friend and I heard it was relatively new and it has pretty good Yelp reviews.   They left us unattended for about 20min when the restaurant was not even busy (at around 7pm). We told one of them that we were ready and it was another 5min until someone finally came to take our order.  I ordered: tuna roll($6) and eel roll($7) My friend ordered: nigiri combo($28)  My friend seemed to like her dish, but I can't believe my own eyes when my order came. The 6 pieces of each roll were pathetically tiny! They were appetizer size and I paid $13 (before tax and tips) for them! The rolls were only half of what you normally get at other places, and only 1/5 of the roll was actually fish. So you do the math to figure our how much fish you get! I could barely taste the fish so I can't tell if they were good.   I'm definitely not going back to this place to waste my money. Adios!   If you don't mind a short drive, Rockville has better sushi restaurants and anywhere else I have been in DC area is better than this. 	1.0
26	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-03	961.0	"The decor is sleek, the menu is unique, and the service is excellent.  They surely have something special here.  As I sit, I can smell wafts of perfectly cooked and sesasoned rice.    It's the soft opening so the whole menu isn't up for grabs.  Unfortunately my attempt to order the ""Stewed Pork and tofu with soy sauce and dashi broth"" is thwarted.  But, I did get to try the Grilled Tofu Skewers with miso sauce.  It said two on the menu but came out with 3.  I AIN'T COMPLAININ' ! The sauces, which there were three of, were all different and fairly subtle;  my favorite being the yellow tinted sauce.  The tofu was grilled to perfection and was truly high quality.   I decided to go with an order of California rolls, crab cake , and sweet shrimp sushi for my entree.  The California roll was what you would expect.  I prefer no cucumber in my roll, which this one had, but to each their own.  The sweet shrimp were VERY food and fresh- I've never had raw shrimp before.  And the crab cake....well lets just say...me and Yuzu have a very different definition of what a crab cake is.  The fake crab that was served to me on top of rice was actually really good though.  I love my fake crab- I eat it constantly.  This is some of the best I've ever had.  I know that sounds weird, but it was.    Had to top of my meal with the Yuzu ""Gelatto"" which tasted and looked more like ice cream.  It was very good nonetheless.  I would definitely go back.  They have some very eclectic menu items that I can't wait to try.  The chef certainly put his heart into crafting a diverse menu. "	4.0
27	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-02-28	660.0	Great quality on the food, lousy service, the servers don't listen to you and let you wait long time for every query.  Updated 2 hours later. Got food poisoning, still recovering :'( 	3.0
28	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-29	356.0	We decided to have lunch at Yuzu on Christmas Day, one of the very few restaurants in the downtown Bethesda area open on Christmas Day. They first sat us in the middle section of the restaurant. But we were overwhelmed by the smell of bleach and what seemed like an old wet cloth (ICK); we asked to be moved toward the front of the restaurant. We placed our order, had to wait a while for the food to arrive. The suhi rolls were good. The fried chicken was really good. But the nigiri was mediocre. The fatty salmon was not fresh and had a stale after taste. The Toro had this weird color that we did not even touch it! They were nice not to include the Toro in our bill. Our server was very nice and attentive. The highlight of the meal was the Yuzu ice cream which was heavenly. I would go back there just for the ice cream. 	3.0
29	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-04-13	616.0	OHad a nice afternoon walking around Bethesda looking at the cherry blossoms. Came here for nice dinner afterwards but we were met with slowest service I've ever experienced.  We were sat down at our table 6:30 on the dot but our food did not arrive until 8:00.  When ever we asked for something even simple like a glass of water,  it took 15~20minutes for it to arrive. For a restaurant this size,  2 servers working on a Sunday evening is just asking for a bad experience for the patron and a bad review. Food was alright but I don't think I will he returning here anytime soon.  We ended up canceling rest of our order when we found out they not even being to prepare them. 	1.0
30	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-03	382.0	"This place was fine. Not bad, but not great. For people used to great sushi in LA or NY, you will be disappointed. I typically don't trust sushi places that serve ""Americanized"" sushi to have good Japanese sushi. That's not to say I don't like Americanized sushi. I do. But I was told this was an authentic Japanese restaurant and that may be true, but it'd only be considered an average sushi restaurant in Japan. The fish is fine, the rice was seasoned unevenly. Some of my nigiri had too much wasabi and some had too little. If you have a craving for sushi and just can't wait, this place will do the job, but just don't expect it to be great.   P.S. The yuzu ice cream was good. But again, not amazing.  P.P.S. The commenter who said that the sushi servings were only half the size has never eaten at an authentic Japanese sushi joint. "	3.0
31	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-09-22	89.0	Most authentic Japanese food in the Northwest DC, Chase Bethesda area! 	5.0
32	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-11-29	386.0	The best sushi in the Washington D.C. Area......the corn tempura is fabulous Also love the spicy chicken....the panna cotta is a great dessert....My wife who is a Japanese citizen and I think this is the best Japanese restaurant in the area......We live a hundred yards from the most popular Japanese restaurant in DuPont but we go here instead because the sushi is so much better 	5.0
33	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-05-27	207.0	We have been to just about every Japanese restaurant in NW DC, Bethesda, Rockville and Silver Spring and we were so pleasantly surprised by this one! The food is so fresh and they have some dishes that are unusual, perhaps more authentically Japanese, but definitely a treat for adventurous and selective diners.  We loved every dish we ordered, probably 12 - 15 small dishes in all including sushi, tempura, tofu, seaweed salad and many others. The other thing we loved is the great selection of vegetarian dishes including a really interesting tofu appetizer, 3 skewers of tofu with different flavorful sauces, that our 16 year old vegetarian daughter devoured.   The atmosphere is not too inspiring but the restaurant is quiet and spacious which is great for groups or people dining with elderly parents/grandparents who have trouble hearing (as we were).    We will absolutely return to Yuzu asap! 	5.0
34	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-02-08	680.0	A solid lunch and dinner spot on the chain-ridden main drag of Bethesda. Hardly ever a wait, this place is great for the solo business traveler--whether you are in need of a speedy lunch, or a relaxed/slow dinner.   The menu has the usual suspects when it comes to slightly Americanized Japanese. Everything is fresh and comes our rather quickly. The udon I had, while certainly not spectacular, was piping hot with fresh ingredients and a well-balanced broth. Perfect on a cold day.   All of the maki rolls I had were fresh, flavorful, and not at all soggy.   Good service, too. 	4.0
35	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-06-22	546.0	Dropped in for 20 minutes before a Tripper Bus trip, and they accommodated a quick meal (and beer!). Tempura was perfect, and beer selection is pretty good for a Japanese restaurant. Kind waiter. Space is large, so I imagine it'd be good for groups, too. 	4.0
36	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-08-08	499.0	We went in, took some time to order, then waited around half an hour for our food to arrive. One of my friends ordered Yakitori, and that was an especially long wait, so we sat there for almost 45 minutes before everyone's food arrived. The restaurant was half-full on a Thursday night, around six tables, but there was only one waiter bustling about, when they should have employed two.  Food was good - I ordered the seaweed salad and the crunchy spicy salmon roll - but it wasn't anything spectacular, especially for the price. 	3.0
37	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-21	364.0	The restaurant is run by the former head sushi chef of Sushi-ko.  While they were going through some teething issues a few months back, I think the place holds great promise, run as it is by a properly trained sushi chef.  I am taking back my critical review after hearing back from the restaurant, who graciously took in my feedback and promised to keep improving.  That kind of customer responsiveness is what will ensure that a business will thrive in the long run.  DC area is in dire need of more Japanese restaurants so I welcome the arrival of Yuzu and wish them all good things. 	4.0
38	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-09-03	473.0	Fine Japanese Dining, you could say. Quite pricey. The servers were friendly, however, they were not too attentive. On a not so busy early evening (the restaurant was pretty empty), it took some effort to flag our server down. The sushi was good, so was the black sesame ice cream! 	3.0
39	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-06-21	547.0	I'm only giving it two stars because our server was friendly. However being dead on a Saturday night should've been a tell take sign. The sushi was awful, and they ran out of cold beer??  The ice cream was pretty terrible, the best thing we had was salmon nigiri. Wasted $110. 	2.0
40	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-5-24	940.0	Have returned 5 more times........had fried eel and avocado role.......tuna, cream cheese,jalapeño role........fried tofu, mushroom miso, lamb chop,tofu cheese cake, Yakitori and my absolute favorite blow torched yellow tail or salmon nigiri....... Ya gotta try it!.......Chef Yoshi is a MONSTA!	5.0
41	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-4-30	964.0	I went to the Yuzu opening last night and ordered Omakase(chefs picks)..We had braised pork, blow torched salmon(no one does this well around here) and the yellow tail scallion roll was possibly the best one I`ve ever had(......Our son who is 7  kept asking for more Yakatori.....I felt like I was back in Japan......Truely authentic (more so then Sushi Taro or Sushiko).....I prefer this to the other sushi retaurants.	5.0
42	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-9-9	467.0	I really wanted to love this place, I really did; greater DC is so lacking in authentic Japanese food and this place - headed by a former Sushi Ko chef - was promising, at least on paper.  As a native Japanese, I have to say that I was terribly disappointed - by the food, the ambiance, and by the service.  First of all, the decor is simply awful - drab is the only word that comes to mind.  I wanted to walk out as soon as I walked in but hung in, hoping the food and service would more than make up for it.  It was not to be.  The green tea mojito offered neither the subtlety of matcha nor the kick of a good cocktail.  The miso soup was lacking in flavor except for an inappropriate sweetness:  even my 10-year son deemed it inedible.  The kimpira gobo (root vegetable appetizer) tasted like it came out of a package.  Ditto the yakitori and tsukune.  The shrimp and vegetable tempura came with a tepid dipping sauce.  My children ordered cucumber rolls and tamago yaki (egg sushi), which were smeared with wasabi and had to be sent back.  I could go on but suffice it to say I do not recommend it.  Very tragic.	1.0
43	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-03-27	268.0	we went there tonight. I ordered the chef chirashi and the fish miso soup. also some tempura to share with my friend. Yuzu is very busy. The food is very authentic and delicious. the shrimp and vegetable tempura is so good that we really want order another one.  one problem with it is its hard to find parking. we finally parked at the public garage at waverly.   The service there is very friendly. The waitress we had looks nice and pretty. We will definitely coming back! 	5.0
44	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-16	369.0	I've been to several Japanese owned sushi restaurants and if this is not one of the better ones.  I even question if this is Japanese owned because the server seemed Chinese to me.  Everyone in our party was shocked to see the tiny portions for which they paid too much for.  I don't see the value that another reviewer mentioned.  The sushi / sashimi entrees didn't even come with soup and rice costs extra.  The sashimi wasn't anything special and the pieces were small.  I spent $33 including tax and tip for basically nothing.  One friend ordered the snow crab hot pot and that was small too.  We had 8 people and was charged a 17% gratuity.  If gratuity is charged, at least provide service.  We had to flag the server to refill our water glasses.  There are other places with better food and ambiance. 	1.0
45	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-02-17	306.0	The sashimi was buttery and lovely. Need I say more? Ok, I will. Definitely one of the higher quality sushi places in the Bethesda/Rockville area. It is pricier with smaller portions than the other places, but you get what you pay for. If you want economy sushi because you can down 50 pieces of sashimi, then this isn't the place for you, BUT a must try for a special occasion. We ordered an oyster/shrimp tempura as an appetizer (I think it was from the Valentine's menu); Chef's Chirashi (both delicious and beautiful); and a sashimi/roll combination.  The staff is also extremely friendly and polite. I only have good things to say about this place! 	5.0
46	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-13	859.0	Small sushi restaurant but I've been to smaller.  I would say the service is a little slow because there isn't a huge staff but I also happened to visit on a slow night.   The sushi tasted great, very happy with that. On the other hand, the chicken teryaki that I ordered was not amazing. I'll admit that my favorite chicken teryaki is from Sakura Japan (I know it sounds wrong but it is packed with so much flavor). This chicken teryaki did not have quite as much sauce as I would have liked. 	4.0
47	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-07-18	155.0	2.75 stars in my book.   Sushi quality was good as well as the service.  However, the price for amount of sushi you get is ridiculous.    I had a chirashi  bowl for 25 bucks.  Sushi was so thin I could see thru it.   Felt like an appetizer.   Also had salmon sashimi which was delicious but had to pay 40 some bucks. 	2.0
48	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-11-13	402.0	Nasty is all I can say.  Worst Japanese meal and service I have ever had.  The portions of food you get for the money you spend are ridiculously small.  I had the Chefs Chirashi and it is not worth the price. 	1.0
49	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-10	375.0	Definitely one of my favorite places to eat around DC. The food is really good and reasonably priced. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, and I've never really had to wait for a table or for my food. I usually come here every week or at least every other week, and the sushi has always been tasty and a good value. 	5.0
50	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-07-21	152.0	Last June we cam by and rated this only three stars. Now I must say the service has greatly improved...the food quality and menu selection has expanded tremendously. The last star not given was the pricing. Either increase the portions or adjust the print and you will see how savvy your guests are and will appreciate your talent. We want this place to succeed but it must have an outstanding menu and value proposition! The place must have vibrant servers who know what the menu offers and what it can become. Tako is taking off with Robatayaki, Raku is the family friendly menu for kids. Tamari is Donburi and curry or Unagi heaven, and you? 	4.0
51	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-03-26	634.0	Was expecting a bit more for a Japanese restaurant in Bethesda. Went on a Weds at 8pm and it was empty. Ordered premium sushi and it was decent but not melt in your mouth delicious. Didn't even have a piece if toro. Ama-Ebi was kinda big. Hamachi was delicious.  I'm Japanese-American and have eaten great sushi in Japan and NY so maybe set my expectations too high? 	3.0
52	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-01-29	325.0	Mediocre. I liked the cucumber appetizer, but the salmon and tuna tasted a bit off. Friendly service, but I will most likely not return. The place up the street across from the Doubletree is much better. 	2.0
53	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-11-22	393.0	Very creative Japanese fusion restaurant. They have tasty and well presented tempura appetizers (I've had the corn and the mushroom). Their sushi is good as well. They have some unique miso soups I'd like to try in the future: a crab miso and a seafood miso. 	5.0
54	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-06-27	176.0	Excellent in everything we had. Miso soup the best we've had. Sushi excellent. Service great. Agedashi tofu appetizer excellent. Yuzu ice cream great- we had never tasted that before. 	5.0
55	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-08-11	496.0	The Best of Tokyo Sushi Restaurants arrived in DC!  Yuzu's sushi is remarkable. I started one evening with Omakase. Dish after dish carried me to wonderful world of delight and culinary satisfaction. Then I followed up three days  later with Jo-sashimi,  thick cuts of  fresh fish presented beautifully on a giant butterbur leaf . The service each time was excellent: friendly and competent, taking extra care to make clients comfortable.  Yuzu is certainly the best in Washington area. At the sushi bar made of solid walnut, the chef uses his beautiful pottery and ceramics that enhances the pleasure of dinning.  Rare is a restaurants even in Tokyo that knows how to make people enjoy food also with eyes.   The restaurant is elegant but simply decorated and with taste.  I have recently gone to New York to lunch at Jean George. Yuzu  is its Japanese twin brother! 	5.0
56	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-07-31	872.0	It's been a while since I've gone to a place without knowing the Yelp review for it. I must say I was pleasantly surprised when I visited this establishment. First off, when my colleagues and I came in, I noticed that the servers are mostly Americans. Given that, I thought the Japanese food will be Americanized. However, I was proven wrong.  I ordered their lunch special- the grilled mackerel served with rice and miso soup. When I tasted the miso soup, it transported me back to last year when my husband and I visited Japan. The grilled mackerel also reminded me the day we followed the Japanese salarymen to lunch in Japan. The portion is also huge considering it is fish. The green tea is also very good. I had to check what's in the teapot because it really was THAT good. I thought they were using matcha powder but no they were just using a pouch with a lot of green tea leaves. This place is pretty authentic.  (A Japanese family was also in the restaurant eating. That must be a good sign, right?)  Now, why 4 stars? The service was a little off. The server made assumptions about me just because I'm Asian. She gave my colleagues their soup spoon and was about to not give me one because she thought I wouldn't need it. 	4.0
57	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-07	378.0	Expensive for what they are offering 	3.0
58	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-12-22	363.0	I can't say the food tasted bad: tempura are rarely disappointing; i can't say the service was bad either: both waiters were nice. However, the prices are way too high for what we get. Furthermore, you need to top up your bill if you want a bowl of miso soup, a cup of green tea or even a bowl of plain rice to be served with tempura... The fish on nigiri sushi also ordered at the table looked quite dry... Overall there are better places to go to for a Japanese dinner. 	2.0
59	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-12-06	744.0	"Disappointed....  Stopped in yesterday (Thursday) for lunch and was underwhelmed by the quality of the fish and sushi. We ordered an assortment of sashimi (10 pieces) and the fish just didn't have that fresh flavor. The squid in the sashimi assortment had an off ""soapy"" flavor and slimy texture that wasn't all that appealing.  We ordered a few rolls and were also disappointed by the mushy rice and fall-apart quality of the rolls.  The roll with the tempura softshell crab had a bad burnt oil taste that stayed with me for the rest of the day.  We kept looking at all the Yelp pictures and felt like we were in a totally different restaurant from what was reviewed. The service was okay (waiter forgot my drink), but I was happy that the place was clean.    Sadly, I don't think I'd give Yazu another try after this lackluster lunch experience. "	2.0
60	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-09-22	454.0	I went to YUZU based on recommendations I saw on Yelp for great Japanese and I was not disappointed. The sushi was extremely fresh and the specials were excellent. We chose one of their higher end sake's and it was extremely smooth. The service was attentive and we were not rushed. We were able to speak with the chef and tease him about him being out of stock with quail eggs. The atmosphere was very conducive for conversation. We did go later so the restaurant was only partially occupied. 	5.0
61	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-07-22	516.0	Very good quality sushi. Great rice texture and quality. The fish also tastes great.  Efficient, helpful and pleasant service. Beside sushi, they also offer authentic Japanese dishes which are also really good. 	5.0
62	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-01-03	351.0	The sushi was delicious but service was dreadful. Had to wait over an hour and a half for two rolls of sushi when we were one of three tables there. Also we had to ask for a glass of water 3 times until it finally came when they brought the check. Great food, but would not suggest going there hungry or if you have plans afterwards. 	2.0
63	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-01-14	340.0	"The miso soup, which you'd think to be the simplest of things to make at a Japanese restaurant was not only ""meh"" but not even hot when we got it. The sushi was definitely sub-par and I would not go back there again. Not to mention the service was incredibly slow - I think they had only one waitress working. "	2.0
64	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-10-15	796.0	We were excited to try Yuzu since the chef came from Sushi-Ko. The restaurant was simple decor. We started with some wines they were good. I started with the seaweed salad but it was not what I expected I thought it was be more premium seaweed but it was average plus the dressing was not impressive. I also ordered the Chef's chirashi supposedly came with premium fish. It had good sashimi but not good enough for $35. I had better chirashi for much less. So I had very high expectation for their chirashi. Overall the price was too high for the quality, it was good quality but not mind blowingly good. 	3.0
65	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-09-17	824.0	Finally! an AUTHENTIC sushi restaurant in Bethesda. This family owned establishment is a gem and a must go if you are a sushi fan.  Food-Go for anything-sashimi, nigiri and sushi rolls in addition to small grilled plates. (Thank The Lord above there is isn't a communal hibachi grill in sight.) I had the deluxe chef sushi selection and nigiri daily special-the fish was fresh, embodying that clean oceanic flavor. We also had the edamame, which wasn't your run of the mill frozen Whole Foods variety. No, it was black edamame purchased fresh, steamed and chilled.   Drinks-I (surprisingly) didn't drink, but there is a relaxed bar area with a great selection of Japanese and southeast Asian beers. The cocktail menu was enticing, and actual yuzu could be found in several of the offerings.  Atmosphere-You may as well be in Tokyo.  Service-Friendly and prompt. 	5.0
66	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-09-16	825.0	I echo the helpers that say this is on par with Sushi-Ko, the quality of the fish, the skill of the chef, the portion size, and price points are quite similar. This location also happens to have nigiri that isn't covered in wasabi. The manager/bartender Remi is adorable and gives great suggestions along with great service. She's also really easy to talk to. There was only me and one other patron there tonight so we had her full attention. I had the anubi style (flame seared) nigiri. Amaze balls. I also had two specials whose names are escaping me, but one is a seasonal fish they were almost out of. I also had one of the summer cocktail original creations, a matcha mojito which is perfect for the drinker who doesn't like her drinks too sweet. I finished off with a yelp recommendation of green tea and yuzu ice cream which I would go back for. Apparently Chef Yoshi's wife also makes some dessert selections but only if they sell well so ask what the special dessert offerings are when you go!  Apparently they've only been open for 3 months and the chef came from Kushi and decided to open his own place. I'm so glad. The price point puts this firmly in the once-in-a-while-treat category, but it's nice to know the person who brought Kushi to its former glory is still doing strong culinary work in the area. 	5.0
67	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-07-31	507.0	Great sushi in a quiet restaurant in Bethesda. Fresh, clean, everything that's great about sushi. Be sure to try the green tea ice cream! 	4.0
68	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2015-03-26	269.0	After checking out the menu posted outside the front door, I decided to give Yuzu a try.  The service was excellent right from a prompt greeting as I entered straight thru the meal and the friendly farewell.  I ordered the house salad which was above average in terms of the quality of lettuces used and the light ginger dressing.  I also had the shrimp and vegetable tempura entree.  The portion size was generous and it came with rice.  Pricing was reasonable with my meal, soda, tax and tip coming in at $35.  I would recommend them and plan on going again! 	4.0
69	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-06	593.0	I had the Premium Assorted Sushi - 10 pieces of nigiri with a 'chef's choice' roll. Nigiri wasn't terrible, but nothing spectacular. The selection was unimpressive (egg?) and the fish wasn't great. The 'chef's choice' was a huge disappointment. It was half cucumber / half spicy salmon maki. I'm not local, but I'm guessing you could have a much better meal elsewhere for $35.   I guess I should have known since the place was more or less empty at 7:00pm (on a Tuesday, but still a bad sign). 	2.0
70	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-09-29	812.0	Yuzu is good times. The sushi selection is quite nice and wasn't the ridiculous lineup that most sushi places have. Yuzu keeps it classy. But with that being said, Yuzu is a bit on the expensive side compared to other sushi spots. Parking is easy to find. The beer selection looks decent. The atmosphere is open and clean. 	4.0
71	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-03	930.0	Often I find myself wondering if there is more to a particular cuisine than just what is found in this country.  Have you ever wondered what Japanese ppl eat on a daily basis?  I mean yes eating sushi and ramen every day would be amazing but there's got to be more right??  What am I missing that restaurants aren't providing??  My not so recent trip to Japan gave me a glimpse of what that diet might be and my very recent trip to Yuzu gave me some more insight.  Yuzu just opened a mere few weeks ago so the food and drink menu is a little bit on the limited side but I was very impressed with what I saw and tasted.  Edamame - Black edamame served instead of the usual green and it was very tasty.  Slightly sweeter, tasted like it was cooked in one of my favorite teas (pandan) and lightly salted.    Age Nasu Dengaku - Fried eggplant with chicken miso sauce.  Now I am partial to eggplant and I am partial to miso sauce so this dish was a shoe in for deliciousness.  I do find the miso sauce can be over powering so lather with caution.  Mushroom Tempura - When they say variety, they really mean it.  It really is whatever is available/fresh that day.  So just be satisfied with a medley of mushrooms that is tempura-ed to perfection.  Grilled Black Cod - Remember when I said that I was partial to eggplant and miso sauce??  Well black cod and miso sauce trumps that eggplant ANY DAY.  Possibly my favorite fish of all time and this one did not disappoint.  Again the miso sauce can be overwhelming.    Chef's Choice Sushi - Supposedly the creme de la creme of sushi available.  The fish was fresh and delicious, sadly uni or toro were not in season when we ordered this dish.  Aburi 5 - This is the dish that you MUST order.  Five delectable sushi nigiri seared with a freakin blowtorch.  It adds that crisp smoky flavor to the fish and that combination is simply divine.  If it were up to me, all fish would be this way!  I cannot wait to see what Yuzu does with its menu as it grows and establishes itself as a restaurant.  Take note worshippers of Japanese cuisine, there's a new hot kid in town! 	4.0
72	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-10	923.0	I'm really torn about this place.   I've driven by here a couple times a week for the past couple months and watched it develop from the ashes of DIVINO.  The best thing about Yuzu was the menu. It has a really interesting and comprehensive menu that probably is the best sushi/japanese restaurant i've ever been to in the DMV area. There were really interesting and creative dishes on the menu which i really liked. There was a really nice combination of sushi and kitchen dishes beyond the standard chicken teriyaki and shrimp tempura. I love japanese food and was like a kid in a candy store ordering from the menu. We ordered A LOT of stuff.    Another thing I really liked was a small menu of special fish offerings that were flown in fresh from Japan. It's really nice to have a variable special menu so that you can try new interesting things every time you return. I saw some fish on this special menu i'd never seen offered anywhere else before.  In addition to this, the front of house staff really knew their stuff about Japanese cuisine. They were really helpful and offered great suggestions. Everyone was exceedingly nice and polite.  So far everything about this review seems good. But the theme of our visit (and this review) was that this place has so much potential but we felt that many things fell short of delivering a top-notch experience.  First of all, the ratio of front of the house to back of the house employees is waaaaaay out of whack. There were 2 hostesses (or maybe 1 hostess and 1 FOH manager?) and 4-6 servers and what looked like only 2-3 people back in the kitchen. This led to having servers/hostesses buzzing around the restaurant with no food to take to their tables.  This also lead to waiting 20+ minutes for a crumb of food being delivered to our table after our order was taken. I should add here that it was friday night but probably only about 60% of the seats were filled.  We ordered a couple cold dishes (Oshinko, Hijiki Salad in Dashi broth) and a miso soup. We didn't get the Oshinko or Hijiki for at least 20 minutes despite the fact that all these dishes needed was to be plated.  Our miso soup never showed up (except on the bill). Why wait so long to deliver the cold dishes? There were serious issues with the timing of service.  We also ordered a large array of Nigiri. We were excited to try some of the flown in from Japan sushi and also to try Aburi style (seared w/ torch) nigiri.  When the fish arrived, we were a little disappointed with the cuts of fish as they were much smaller than we were used to for $5-$8 for 2 pieces.  None of the fish blew us out of the water and the construction of the nigiri was a little suspect at times. We didn't notice much difference for the 5 Aburi style pieces we ordered. That was a let down.  After scarfing everything down, we ordered 3 rolls and a tofu dish because the unusually small nigiri pieces didn't quite fill us up. The rolls came quicker and were quite tasty (and straightforward).  When the bill came, we knew we were in for some trouble with all the food we ordered. It wasn't horrible but certainly more than we would usually spend eating sushi. I'm ok paying $100+ for two people for a sushi dinner, but it should knock my socks off for that price. My socks were still firmly rooted in my shoes.  In the end, I hope they work out their issues and are able to kick their execution up a notch or two. With a menu like they have and a staff as knowledgeable as they are, this place has the potential to be among the best in DMV area. Unfortunately too many shortcomings has left me feeling slightly disappointed.  Side note: the interior of this place lacks a certain finish for how expensive the dishes are and what caliber of restaurant it presents itself as. The decor was very nice and classy, but it just lacked the level of fit and finish you would expect in a restaurant that presents itself as classy as Yuzu. 	3.0
73	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-01-06	713.0	Came here for dinner twice. Both had a very pleasant experience. The food is very authentic Japanese. The tofu dengaku and yakuniku were delicious! Yakuniku is quite large portion as an entry for one. Chef's chirashi is also good-portion, both the sashimi and chirashi were premium quality, fresh and tender.  The staff are very friendly, helpful and respectful, like a typical good restaurant in Japan. Love this place. Will definitely come back. 	5.0
74	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-04-29	965.0	I went to Yuzu tonight with a few friends. It was their first night open so I there were definitely a few kinks and a nervous waitress. I've been really looking forward to Yuzu opening because its close to my work and Bethesda is really lacking a quality Japanese restaurant.   The good: a varied menu with some small hot and cold items offers choice for people who aren't sushi lovers. The staff was really attentive...to the point it felt awkward because there were lots of staff and it was empty.   The bad/mediocre: the place was dusty. The backs of the booths were covered with dust, the spoon was dirty, chopsticks too. The sushi and nigiri were just okay and kind of small for the price as was the veggie tempura. I disliked that you don't get a pot of green tea only small cups but it was free (opening night only). I ate the previous night at Sushiko and found myself comparing everything to there and we all agreed Sushiko was more enjoyable and surprisingly less expensive.   Bottom line: it has potential.  I will give it another try but will wait until they've been open longer and had a chance to work out the menu. 	3.0
75	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-05	959.0	First, I would like to say I do not Yelp, However I would like to make an exception this time. I truly enjoyed my experience at YUZU! First time at a Chef's table, and definitely not my last! I am an official groupie. The Nigiri Omakase was out standing, looking forward to having it again. 	5.0
76	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-07-11	892.0	Delicate, high end Sushi comes to Bethesda.  The quality of the fish is the reason to go.  The atmosphere is quiet, and relaxed.  Yoshihisa Ota has created something special. 	4.0
77	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-24	575.0	Pretty decent service. Had a cold beer brought to me soon after sitting down.  The options on them menu are pretty good. I am a vegetarian so the message saying they didn't know what was or was not vegetarian at the bottom of the menu seemed sort of lazy. I mean how much effort would it take to parse out, like 10 minutes?  Got some hopefully vegetarian sushi rolls. Good, not bad. The corn tempura was fun to break into... hopefully it was meant to be finger food because that is what I had to do.  Not bad for a quick dinner. I'll go back now and then. 	4.0
78	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-09-26	450.0	I got the bento box lunch special. It was good, but not the best I've had (and I've had a lot of Japanese food.) I liked the miso soup, contrary to other reviews. Pleasant service, though there was a slight glitch in that it took a while for my food to arrive. The hostess was very apologetic. I would have given it 3 stars, but bumped it up to 4 after they found my lost credit card and held onto it safely with no false charges. When I picked up the card, they were careful to check that I was really the cardholder. I will go back and try their $9.99 weekday lunch special. 	4.0
79	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-05	594.0	dinner with a friend saturday night.  a little sake, sashimi platter, some crunchy rolls, edamame.  everything was excellent, great service, nice atmosphere and the prices are what you would expect to pay in bethesda.  the standout for me, however, was the fried eggplant dish.  yummers.  it is a must have. 	4.0
80	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-28	571.0	Decided to try Yuzu for dinner after a Japanese friend recommended it. There were a fair amount of customers in the house and only two front of house staff members, but they did a fantastic job caring for all guests and preparing take out orders.   We tried the seaweed salad, corn tempura, and mushidori to start. The salad had a beautiful assortment of four types of seaweed. The corn tempura was light and unique - served with green tea powder which you mix with soy sauce to dip the tempura in. My favorite was the mushidori - it's a chilled chicken dish in sesame sauce and it was so refreshing in this heat.   Next we ordered some sushi - the aburi 5, a premium assortment, and the usuzukuri at the recommendation of our server. The aburi 5 was amazing..seared nigiri that melts in your mouth. The usuzukuri was also a treat - apparently it is a traditional Japanese New Years dish.  Overall, this was an amazing experience. I see some comments about the slow service - I felt well cared for at all times, especially considering there were only two chefs hand crafting each dish. This is a family run restaurant and I felt as if I were being treated to a home cooked meal in a home rather than having pre-made dishes reheated quickly and brought to me. Trust me, it's worth the wait :)  P.S. Try the desserts! Apparently the chef's wife/co-owner makes them herself as she is a trained pastry chef. The panna cotta was to die for! 	5.0
81	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-12	860.0	"They have only one lunch special ""bento box"" but they allow you a vegetarian modification option which is nice. The sushi is good enough. For the price I would expect it to be a little more cold, with wasabi dots underneath--classically done, and more plump. The crunchy shrimp and ""cooked"" rolls turned out better than where I could compare their raw rolls.... the sushi buffet down the street makes more sense for the price at lunch I'd say. But this would be a good dinner place. And I will give them this... their edamame is awesome. It served cold and sweet but each bean has such a silky texture---pleasant surprise. "	4.0
82	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-29	935.0	Tofu was on another level, completely changing my idea of what tofu should taste like. It was nice and sweet with interesting flavors.  The other food was also good.  Sushi was nice. Anago in particular was rather tasty.  Maguro as well was remarkably good.   The seaweed salad was fresh and delicious but somewhat salty.  The mountain vegetables and pickled vegetables were excellent and tasted as though they had been recently harvested.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. 	5.0
83	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-09-07	834.0	THEY HAVE ORION! I lived in Okinawa for 2 years and outside of Japan this is the best sushi I've had in years... Very very pricy though 	5.0
84	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-11-24	391.0	Great Japanese food for vegetarians.  Veggie sushi rolls, tempura edamame, tempura corn, yuzu ice cream and black sesame ice cream were all winners. 	5.0
85	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-03-21	639.0	Discovered this little gem about 9 months ago and will continue to keep going back for the seaweed salad, braised pork belly, udon and toasted sesame ice cream. And the sushi and sashimi are pretty darn tasty as well! 	4.0
86	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-10	923.0	Great new sushi place.....I hope they pack them in more frequently though. Never busy when I've been by and this Saturday only one other table late lunch.   Had the Japanese pickles (Oshinko) $5 very tasty and varied.  The Tuna Jalapeno $8 very good and spicy kick to it. The California rolls $6 and well prsented.  Server Maia attentive without being overbearing which can sometimes happen at a slow time.   I'll be back and they start happy hour this week also. 	4.0
87	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-01-14	705.0	"Having read some of the reviews on Yelp I went expecting fun, interesting, and flavorful Japanese-inspired food. My wife and I left $100 lighter, and not at all satisfied. The food wasn't bad. It just wasn't especially good - nothing to justify the high prices (that $100 included only green tea and bottled water to drink). We left hungry and got a charcuterie plate at a bar up the street. Highlight: the yellowtail ""cheek"" (collar). Lowlight: having to ask for ponzu to go with it. And then ask again for another (tiny) bowl of ponzu, as we were sharing the fish across the table. Portions were scant and, did I mention, high-priced and entirely unremarkable? "	2.0
88	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-09	955.0	Only came here once for lunch, but considering they are still in a soft-opening phase, the quality of the food was excellent.  The menu is gradually being expanded, so the current selection is limited, unless you have come specifically for sushi.  I am planning on returning in a few weeks, once the menus are going full tilt and they have their liquor license; I have a hard time eating sushi without the requisite beer to compliment it. 	5.0
89	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-09	924.0	"Really, really good.  The food is definitely on a par with Sushi-Ko or Kaz.  The ambiance has a way to go, but the place is in its ""soft opening"" phase.  We will definitely be going back often.  I had some of the best Uni negimaki that I've ever had.  Nicely garnished with a little dab of wasabi on top.  The Miso black cod did *not* come with an overwhelming miso sauce as one reviewer said.  It was miso-marinated, but sauceless, and just tasted like ""ooh, mommy!,"" as I exclaimed when I took my first bite.  What a wonderful piece of fish!  The fried eggplant with chicken miso sauce, described as a staff favorite, was a family favorite, too.  Wow.  The seared albacore with jalapeno appetizer was super, as was the four-seaweed salad.  And the soft shell crab and avocado roll, and ... well, you get the idea.  Even the vegetables in sweet tofu sauce were great.    Service was excellent and enthusiastic.  Minh explained the dishes well and gave us frequent status reports on progress. "	5.0
90	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-11-21	759.0	Yuzu is a new-ish Japanese restaurant in Bethesda.  I was actually there for a special sake and washoku pairing event so I can't comment on the regular menu.  The special menu we did have was very good, from some a small starter of three different presentations of tofu, to an exceptional flounder and mushroom dish, to small selection of sushi.  The restaurant itself is simply decorated and smells wonderful when you walk in the door.  I'd certainly be happy to go back here and taste some of their regular offerings. 	3.0
91	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-01	963.0	I ate dinner at Yuzu twice already after it opened on Monday.  We became kind of Chef Yoshi's groupies after we first discovered him as the head sushi chef at Sushiko couple years ago.   We've been patiently waiting for him to open his own restaurant... And yes, it was every bit as good or better than I imagined.   There are sushi chefs who make sushi to make some cash, and there are sushi chefs who are obsessed with food (or more precisely, how to make better and better food) 24/7.   Chef Yoshi is the latter.  Just like Jose Andres whom we met before he became super famous.  Yoshi had his own restaurant in the prestigious Ginza district before he came here to go global. Their loss, our gain.    Chef Yoshi knows how to pick, prepare, and serve fish.  I had salmon, yellow tail, eel, tuna, sweet shrimp, sardine, etc.  Everything tasted fresh and exquisite.   The consistency and proportion of rice were perfect.  Salmon and yellowtail melted in my mouth.  I also tasted pork kakuni, age tofu, yakitori, eggplant dengaku, chicken tatsuta-age, ganmodoki, and mushroom miso soup.  There wasn't one thing that I didn't love.  Their food just made me happy.  And full:-)  They are slowly expanding their menu in the coming weeks, as well as waiting to get their liquor license.   If you need good sake or beer to go with their magnificent meal, you should wait couple weeks and then go crazy.   In the meantime, I'm sure my friends and I will keep going back to be blessed with Yoshi's food regularly. 	5.0
92	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-10-16	795.0	I like the location, I like the service and although the menu won't blow your mind with creativity the end product is high quality. We ordered a couple of rolls to share, their house specialty tempura corn and some udon noodles. If you're near and you want sushi this is a really reliable and authentic option. The tempura corn was super unique with the green tea/salt dipping powder. Worth a try. 	4.0
93	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-10-24	787.0	Hum, this is right down the street and I was hoping I would love it.  Overall good, just not great-- 3.5 stars but just don't feel the urge to round up on this one.  The highlight was the yakatori chicken-- plump, good char, juicy...just good.  The sashimi platter portion of the chirashi was disappointing.  It comes out on ice, which was nice, but the flavor gets lost when the fish is so cold.  The rice for the nigiri was a good consistency but just not flavored very well-- I like mine to have a bit more vinegar (I douce fries in vinegar also, so maybe this is just me being weird here).  The bartender/manager, who was great btw, said the uni was from a special source, etc, but I found it kind of bitter and bland.  The owner's wife makes an awesome dessert from scratch, which is definitely worth a try.  For Bethesda, this is solid, but overall would try other places. 	3.0
94	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-01-22	697.0	Me and my cousin tried out this place and when we saw that there was a special imported menu, we had to try a couple of items from there. It was ridiculously expensive, but the food was top notch. Definitely a fun experience to try out food that you usually can't get in the area, but be prepared to pay for it. 	4.0
95	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-22	850.0	Maybe I came on a bad day? I'm not really getting all the raves for this place. The sushi was just meh- didn't seem all that fresh and quite, well, tasteless.  The blow torched sushi makes all the sushi taste the same.  So is it me or them? Well you can try yourself but a word of warning- it's an expensive shot to give... 	2.0
96	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-08	864.0	Pretty good sushi.  The fish is fresh.  They do not have crazy rolls, just simple sushi and Nigri.  The restaurant is pretty laid back.  A casual place that is nice to hang out with friends or go on a casual date. 	3.0
97	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-01	598.0	My fiancé and I had a horrible flight back from Florida and the usual traffic from DC to Bethesda. Wanted to eat healthy and try something new. Could not have had better food and as or more important a better server than Chris. 	4.0
98	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-09	590.0	Ordered tempura, great, very light &amp; tasty !   The nabe hot pot was delicious as well.  We had 8 people in our party &amp; everything went well. Had dirty martinis that were some of the best I've ever had.  In fact, went back again and had more the next night.   Definitely will go back again.  A recommend!  And I'm only in this area once a year :) 	5.0
99	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-07-09	894.0	Nice new spot. Very good sushi. Decor and atmosphere, inviting. 	4.0
100	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-14	950.0	"Excellent--reminds me of when I lived in Japan.  Hijiki salad:  perfectly authentic, and a larger portion that you'd typically get  Miso shiru w/mushrooms:  authentic again  Saba (aka mackerel):  perfectly grilled and sweet &amp; oily exactly as it should be.  Hard to find this on menus here.  Since $12 seemed low for a fish entree, asked the waiter about portion size.  He said it would be piece about 6"" long.  It turned out to be 2--an entire fish split in two and grilled (with daikon &amp; pickled vegetables--including gobo!) It came with the spine they way they do it in Japan, so not for people who can't deal with bones (boneless anything is an abomination in my book--God made animals with bones.  You want boneless--order tofu)   Don't know if they'll be able to maintain these portion sizes and/or prices, but it was a pleasant surprise.  Dessert:  yuzu ice cream (they didn't call it gelato)  Homemade &amp; delicious, though the richness of the ice cream overpowered the delicate yuzu in my opinion.  Yuzu sorbet would have been a better fit, but that's me.  And a pot (not just a cup) of green tea.    The staff was warm &amp; chatty.  The waiter was obviously new and learning the menu &amp; Japanese names for stuff--to be expected when open for less than a week.  Next time I'm trying their sushi "	5.0
101	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-30	903.0	New favorite place for sushi and authentic Japanese dining. Chef is super experienced and food is always good! 	4.0
102	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-15	584.0	Udon was delicious,  the sushi however was just ok. I haven't found great sushi anywhere in bethesda yet. 	3.0
103	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-05-15	584.0	Giving Yuzu 5 stars for the quality of the sushi -- definitely the best in Bethesda.  We have eaten here many times and now would go no where else locally for sushi.  Have always found the specials to be especially good (sticking to sushi here -- have not tried other items on the specials lists).  For a treat, try the corn tempura; it's unique and delicious.  I see some others' comments about bad service.  That has not been our experience, although I have noted turnover in servers so there might be issues. 	5.0
104	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-03-23	637.0	Great food, great service. I've been there 4 times already in just a few months (and I don't eat out much). Great eggplant appetizer. Wonderful sushi. A different, interesting take on some traditional fare. Will definitely be back. 	4.0
105	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-03-19	641.0	Yuzu is a wonderful restaurant. Try the seaweed salad and the eggplant appetizer--to die for.  Other favorites are the oysters, crunchy outside, warm and tender inside, and the soft shell crab roll.  I think I like it better than Tako Grill, which I did not think possible. 	4.0
106	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-30	934.0	Very authentic Japanese sushi - I feel like now that Americans have embraced sushi they tend to like the really huge slices of fish and rolls, but I prefer this traditional style... it's really good quality: silky, tender fish that melts in your mouth in two reasonable sized bites. (In my opinion, better than gnawing on a big chunk of tasteless fish, with no balance of flavor &amp; texture to the rice, etc.) I've eaten at the other venues that Yoshi's been involved with (big fan of Sushiko &amp; Kushi) and the food here lives up to his reputation.   I had the seaweed salad (BIG portion, tasty dressing... ok - I'm liking a big portion in this case!) and some nigiri &amp; maki. My favorite is that they have umeshiso on the menu (in the sushi rolls)! Only a very few restaurants in DC offer it. Yum! 	5.0
107	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-08-11	496.0	ordered the chirashi and was very pleased.  fish was fresh and delicious.  a little bit on the expensive side though.  service was very fast and attentive but then again, i was there for a very early dinner. 	4.0
108	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-29	935.0	This place is terrible.  Service is slow.  Food is not kept at proper temperatures and for raw fish that is a disaster waiting to happen.  They just opened this month but they should just give up and close.  The staff keeps apologizing to every table.  My order was wrong.  Portions are not what I would expect for the price.  Just a disaster.  Don't be fooled by the reviews from friends of the owner. 	1.0
109	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2014-03-20	640.0	I seem to have hit an unlucky streak with service lately and while Yuzu doesn't have the worst service I have been tortured with lately, their food does little to offset the complete incompetence we experienced which started with really slow drink service, appetizers coming out in a delayed piecemeal fashion, forgotten orders, and an incorrect bill.  The sushi was mediocre with minuscule pieces of fish in the rolls, mediocre flavors on the tofu, and a blah hot pot.  We had 7PM reservations on a Friday night and the restaurant wasn't completely full so I don't think they should have an excuse for not being ready for the average size crowd.   There are many better options for sushi in Bethesda - I will not be back. 	1.0
110	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-28	905.0	Absolutely incredible top to bottom. Food was out of this world! They apparently get shipments directly from Japan a couple of times a week and it shows. This was as close as you can get to a sushi experience in Japan without buying a plane ticket. The daily specials (which were shipped from Japan the morning of our meal) were unbelievably good. I highly suggest the Toro and Hamaki collar if they have it when you try this wonderful place out. The service was outstanding. Staff was very knowledgeable and even showed us pictures of the chefs butchering the fresh tuna that they received that morning. Deserts were incredible as well with some traditional Japanese deserts that I had never tried before but was delightfully surprised.  This is a place that all sushi lovers should try. I promise you will not be disappointed. And when you do, be a good neighbor and rate this restaurant on every site you know of. This place deserves to be the premier sushi restaurant in the Washington DC metropolitan area. 	5.0
111	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-19	914.0	I live a few blocks away and I really, really wanted to love it...unfortunately, it just didn't live up to my expectations.  The dishes were just ok and the sushi was fine, but lots of rice and not too much fish.  The service was ok.  There are much better Japanese places in the area. 	2.0
112	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-25	847.0	Not sure how this place had 4 stars.  Maybe we visited on an off day.  Maybe I've been  spoiled by Philly sushi.  The place was completely empty which was strange given that it was a weekday at noon.  I think we ordered a sushi platter and a handroll.  Nothing was bad per day but nothing was great either. 	3.0
113	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-22	942.0	We dined there last night after reading that this restaurant had opened.  We are big fans of Sushi-Ko, especially the one in Georgetown, and the owner of Yuzu apparently used to be the executive chef at Sushi Ko.  You could definitely see the influences.  My wife had the jalapeño tuna roll (which we both love) and the crunchy shrimp roll.  Both were excellent.  I had the deluxe sushi plate, also excellent.  We highly recommend.  Best in Bethesda. 	5.0
114	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-05-22	942.0	Dinner at Yuzu is fantastic.  The food is fresh and delicious, the staff took great care of us, and the clientele was  a wonderful mix of families, groups of friends, couples, individual business travelers, and Japanese patrons.  The ambiance is a relaxing mix of modern, spacious, and comfy.  I will definitely be back during Yuzu's soft opening and I very much look forward to its grand opening and beyond.  This one is a winner. 	5.0
115	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-08-23	849.0	Yuzu is a great addition to Bethesda.  I've gone back several times for lunch specials (which remind me of trips to Japan as soon as the flavors hit) and told friends about the place.  Lunches are not crowded and the staff did tell me that the summer is a very tough time to open a restaurant--So, patronize this wonderful place!  The red bean gelatin dessert is hard to find here and so refreshing. 	4.0
116	yuzu-japanese-dining-bethesda	2013-06-24	909.0	We have been trying to get to Yuzu for a few weeks since it opened and tonight we finally made it there.  And it was amazing! If you have lived in Japan or know what Japanese food is supposed to taste like then this is the place for you.  The sushi is small like it should be and room temp.  You can taste the delicious fish in every bite. They had great specials that were comprised of fish flown from Japan. The red snapper nigiri was delicious.  I have also been searching for Yakitori since I left Japan and this finally brought me back to the delicious Yakitori street carts that you find around the city.  The sauce is exactly as it should taste, chicken is perfectly grilled and every bite was fantastic.  The nuta maguro is delicious as well. And thank goodness for the absence of mayonnaise.  Gross! I hate all the mayo places put in their sushi.  This is convenient and has a comfortable, relaxing atmosphere.  Will definitely be back.  This is worth every dollar.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  This is a real Japanese restaurant in the heart of Bethesda.  Decor is beautifully understated. 	5.0
117	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-12-10		I loveeeee Tako Grill - the sushi, the sushi makers, the host, the waiters and waitresses. Everyone there is so sweet and hospitable. My mom and I have been going to Tako Grill since I was in elementary school (around 20 years) - it's our favorite mother-daughter sushi date spot.   Two unique items that they have, and i love, are their orange roughy (which isn't a sushi roll) and their tuna tempura roll. The other rolls are fantastic as well. I also often get their shrimp tempura roll.   Thanks Tako Grill for always being wonderful! 	5.0
118	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-12-10		Had a fantastic experience here...the staff and especially the older gentleman who works the yakitori station next to the sushi bar are all very pleasant and the courtesy they give you (traditional welcoming when you arrive at your table, etc) really make you feel that you're in a top notch Japanese establishment.  Fish quality was very good, not superior. Yakitori offering was authentic and very tasty. I also ordered a half order of their soy sauce ramen which was the perfect amount and at $7 allows you to get it as part of your meal.  I'll definitely come back to this place on future trips to Bethesda...my only request to the sushi chefs would be to dress up your nigiri pieces a little bit! Add some inventive flair! Even just a simple glaze brushed on or a simple herb/citrus squeeze topping would heighten the flavors of your high quality fish. 	4.0
119	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-10-16		"I can't say enough positive things about this place.  If I could give it 20 stars, I would.  My dining companion for the evening said it perfectly: ""It's like I'm eating sushi for the first time"".  Literally every single item we ordered (seaweed salad, pork belly and chicken yakatori, a variety of sashimi and maki) was the PERFECT temperature and SO fresh.  I was amazed.  I've been eating sushi for almost 20 years and this may have been the best I've ever had.    You're looking for a sushi place? THIS IS IT!  Go eat here!  I'm very excited to now have a go-to sushi place in the area thats so....complete.  Staff is lovely too, presentation is excellent, clean, looks nice, not too loud.  The list goes on...and on.... "	5.0
120	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-12-05		3.5++ stars.    My fish bento (salmon today) was great overall. Fish perfectly cooked (=tad undercooked making it juicy inside and tad crispy outside) &amp; under-seasoned (=perfectly balanced).  Miso soup is too dark (=salty) for my taste.  Traditional Japanese style is light miso-based w kelp infused broth.    Ikura (salmon roe) was superb.  Green tea needs to be lighter &amp; fresh.   Way dark=old or over-brewed.   Much better parking option here at their (new) location (Hampden lane) than where they were for many years on Wisconsin Ave. 	3.0
121	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-07-14		This is the new location for Tako Grill.  It's smaller than the old location but still has a similar set up.  The menu is the same with my favorite, the soft shell crab maki.  This time eating there I also enjoyed the agedofu, and the gyouza were really wonderful.    I've eaten at the old location many times, and this place is solid.  Many Japanese people consider this to be one of the best real Japanese restaurants in the DC area.  There is a Japanese chef.  Parking is annoying and expensive at this new location though. 	5.0
122	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-10-18		I have to give them a 5 star. It's not the best sushi I have had but the variety and authenticity in overall Japanese cuisine is terrific. The Sukiyaki is good, I am a fan of the Izakaya and Chirashi. They have Yakitori and Tempura and other treats. Some of my favorite items were the Shitake mushrooms and the flounder fin. You can make this expensive or inexpensive. Sakis are delicious and they have several Junmai options. The owner is a sweetie pie and the food very clean and tasty. Terrific go-to for the Japanese cuisine fix I have from time to time. If you are not familiar with Japanese cuisine this is a great place to go explore in a safe, Bethesda like land. 	5.0
123	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-07-25		"When you roll over the stars on Yelp, 5 stars is supposed to mean ""As good as it gets"". This place is honestly as good as it gets. Everything about Tako Grill is utterly exceptional, from the decor to the staff to the food.  I work right by here and go there several times each week since they opened. My favorite entree is the Chicken Teriyaki, by far the best teriyaki I have ever had from any restaurant. Ever. It comes with a side salad, miso soup (which I don't usually like at other places but LOVE here), cooked carrots, broccoli and rice. The chicken is cooked and seasoned beyond perfection. For lunch it is only about $14 and is MORE than enough food to fill you up.  I was never a huge sushi fan until I went here. I don't like avocado in my sushi, so they let me sub cucumber instead. Game changer. My personal favorite is the fire cracker roll and the salmon roll. Everything is so fresh and that really makes all the difference. They pay attention to detail, even during the busy dinner rush.  The staff are some of the most wonderfully helpful people I've encountered in any restaurant. They are always great with making recommendations based on past orders and are very friendly. The owners seem to genuinely care about your experience, which is truly refreshing (especially in the Bethesda area).   I had never been to their previous location so I can't speak to how it compares. However I will say that they more than filled the void in my heart (and stomach!) left when Hinode closed.This is one of my all time favorite places in the area and I cannot say enough good about them.   Keep up the great work! Can't wait to try more of the menu! "	5.0
124	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-10-13		Tako was our go-to sushi place when it was at its old Wisconsin Avenue location. We mourned its passing. Apparently by the way it was all for nought. The staff at the new location told me that Tako was kicked out by its former landlord who intended to sell the property. Tako found its new space on Hampden, then the original landlord's deal fell through. So Tako is in a new location, and landlord has an empty restaurant storefront. Serves him right! Back to Tako. The new space is much smaller than the old space. There is not bar. There are no beers on draft. Having a cold Kirin Ichiban draft at the old location was one of the true pleasures of eating at Tako. Sushi is still good and fresh. There is little innovation, but it's good. We didn't have grilled food this time, and having a grill is one of Tako's nice advantages over the typical sushi joint. Service was good. Our server was young, possibly high school or college, and sweet. Sushi orders come out pretty fast. Their miso soup is among the best I've ever had anywhere.  We ordered house sake in a carafe, and it came out hot and ready in about 3 minutes, wonderful and amazing. We will return. I gave the old place 5 stars consistently, the new place gets 4 stars because it just doesn't seem as special and cool as the old place. 	4.0
125	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-11-22		ONLY GO HERE FOR SUSHI. This is a great place for sushi. It was some of the best I've had in a while. The reason I say you should only go for sushi is because both me and my girlfriend enjoyed the sushi more than the rest of the food. The menu was extremely confusing, we spent nearly 30 minutes and failed to order more than one entree. I will go back and hopefully I will have better things to say, but for now I am just disappointed in the overall experience. The one entree we ordered was red snapper head. After tearing at it for 5+ minutes we were able to get a small plates full of overpriced fish. The waiter also had very little knowledge of the menu and didn't even seem to know how to help us. It was good at best, which is why I chose three stars, not great, not bad, just good. 	3.0
126	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-08-26		The yakitori is a good deal. But the service can be so attentive it borders on intrusive. This is the rare Japanese restaurant that feels overstaffed.  Also, the fish is not being handled by someone who understands manners.   If you run out of something one night and are unable to include it in a dish that specifically lists it as an ingredient, you tell your servers to warn people BEFORE they order a dish. Otherwise, this is false advertisement.  On the rare occasion you run out of something in the middle of the night before you can tell the servers, you make sure to train them to be up front about it instead of simply replacing the missing ingredient with a more expensive substitute without apology or request for permission. 	3.0
127	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-08-01		This is a great place to come for lunch, get the bento box but do not come here for dinner. You will be disappointed. It's pricy and they don't handle being busy well, at all. My friend didn't get her sushi only her salad but didn't feel like asking or paying for it so we just asked for the check.   Won't be coming here for anything other than lunch ever again. 	3.0
128	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-10-26		Totally tasty sushi - The Firecracker Rolls are a must.  The decor is lovely in the new location, and the staff there are so friendly.  My friend and I often come with her toddler, and they're always more than welcoming. 	4.0
129	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-05-18		"New location for Tako Grill!  The old location has been teetering on redevelopment for years.  Since Hinode closed, it's location seemed logical for Tako fans. After many delays, the new restaurant opened with some of the old hands, but many new ones, hopefully for the better. The location is in the ""Shoppes of Bethesda"" the odd strip mall on Hampton with the liquor and UPS stores. In the evening, there is plenty of paid parking.  But you paid on Wisconsin as well.  The new restaurant lacks a sign at the entrance door, so 1/2 the people went to exit door, including us!  There is an entry, with a hostess stand. Unlike the old place, there is no bar, in fact, all booze seems to come out of a back set up area.  Everything is clean and fresh with a nice sushi bar and lots of seating.  On a Sunday night, it was full of Japanese and Bethesda families of all ages. It doesn't seem like a hipster sushi bar with little decor or fancy dishes.   On to the sushi!  Top grade tuna, toro and yellowtail for sashimi - melt in your mouth fresh with good sized pieces. It appears to be an extended roll menu than before.  Excellent Dragon roll was generous although not as well cut.  No longer do they offer small ""house"" salads, only larger salads.  Tempura Vegetables and miso soup are very good. We didn't try the Yakitori grilled skewers or the Isakaya menu this time.   Overall, it's a relief to see Tako in good form again. Prices, never low at a sushi place, seem appropriate and not egregious for Bethesda. Here's hoping for another long run for Tako. "	4.0
130	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-11-13		Their sashimi is amazing - fresh, cut with precision, sweet, and just a micro-dab of soy sauce. Our go-to in Bethesda. 	5.0
131	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-07-27		We decided to give Tako a try after happening upon it while running an errand. The food was delicious, without exception. There was a vegan and a vegetarian among us, and the waitress was very helpful in directing them to what turned out to be a fair number of choices. The rest of us mostly had a variety of sushi, which was fresh-tasting and very good. The prices are reasonable (not cheap), and the service was great. I'm sure we will be returning. 	4.0
132	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-08-22		One of the best restaurants in bethesda, especially friendly if you are eating alone at the sushi bar.  Everything is fresh and very well prepared.  The bento is a great deal. 	5.0
133	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-08-04		I've had lunch on multiple weekends. I used to regularly eat at another Bethesda Japanese restaurant that has recently changed ownership and gone seriously down hill, so Tako Grill is new for me. The owners are Japanese which is a huge plus; in addition to high quality fish for sushi and sashimi, they serve a very good variety of Japanese dishes beyond standard sushi restaurant fare. Service is friendly. Highly recommended. 	4.0
134	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-07-22		Second visits since it moved; first time was a lunch and was pleasantly surprised - good sushi, tempura and service.  Visited last evening and was more impressed by all of the same, but also how friendly everyone is.  Noted that this had 3 '$' on its heading.  Someone might want to revisit that; dinner with drinks, food and tip came to $55.  Clearly a value for the middle of Bethesda. 	4.0
135	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-8-23		Our fav is Sukiyaki served in a hot pot and is packed with veggies, tofu, noodles and high quality beef. I wish they would offer bento for dinner. Love the various Yakitori which makes this place unique. Izakaya is also a great style of food not seen in most Japanese restaurants. Service is very friendly and efficient! The owners are always around. Food here in more authentic Japanese than Raku. We make it a weekend ritual to come every week.	5.0
136	tako-grill-bethesda-2	2015-7-20		The first visit we had four weeks ago when they opened was rough. The podium seater was not accommodating and the server was nervous being her second day on the job. So we decided to try again last Saturday lunch. The owner herself seated us in a sunny table and allowed us to order from the dinner menu. We had a wonderful time and now have become a fan. The agedashi tofu was the best we have tried in the metro DC (including McLean) area! The tempura and sukiyaki were all perfectly sized and delicious! We will make this restaurant one of our regulars from now on... Wish you success in this treacherously competitive restaurant neighborhood!	5.0
137	satsuma-bethesda	2015-12-02		"This place was good! The service was good, my water was always full and they came to take our order promptly. The sushi took time so we knew it was made fresh. I went with a friend and we split some dishes.   We got the curry ramen, this was good you could taste the original ramen flavor over the curry but the curry was there too. There were a lot of noodles in the soup and a good amount of broth, the pork was lacking though. I would order ramen from here again!   We also got a few types of sushi rolls. We got the eel, my favorite and there was a lot of eel on top! We also got the sea scallop this was so tender, I enjoyed it. The egg one was good, sweet and my friend said that they are best when they are sweet like that. The salmon belly melted in my mouth it was really good and cut perfectly. I am not a fan of wasabi so the wasabi specialty rolls did not appeal to me, but my friend ate the remaining 5. We also ordered sea urchin, first time having it, interesting I liked it! The way it looks it is not appealing though.  One more thing the bathrooms are so interesting, the seats are heated and have the ""shower"" option. I know this is normal in Asia and thought it was cool, but weird haha, they had it here. "	4.0
138	satsuma-bethesda	2015-08-11		"Ok when I read from another yelper that they had ""$1"" sushi I was like...What...? Really!?  So my brother and I dropped by after work today to try it out. I have to be honest that 50% of me thought it was going to be gross and low quality for $1. Obviously not the ""best"" sushi but to my surprise, it was decent. I didn't get sick so I can't complain.  If you're craving a quick fix for sushi and don't feel like spending the big bucks at places like sushi taro- this is your spot! And the server (forgot her name) was really friendly as well.   5* for good service and food quality to price ratio. "	5.0
139	satsuma-bethesda	2015-08-06		I love spicy miso ramen so I was excited to give this place a try. It's close by my office and the reviews seemed to favor their spicy miso ramen. Came here for lunch and have to say I was super disappointed. The soup didn't have enough of the spicy miso flavor I was hoping for. Almost like too much of the noodles had soaked into the broth and dissolved the flavor I wanted. The egg wasn't good either. The menu said there would be pork (cha shu) and squid in the ramen but there was literally one slice of pork about 3 inches wide (about 1/3 of the pork slice was fat) and one piece of squid - tentacles. I love me some squid and have nothing against tentacles but at least give me more than one piece.  My coworker ordered an udon noodle soup. The portion was enough to feed a 6 year old. If I come back I might try something else but definitely will not have the ramen again unless I really have a craving for it at work. 	2.0
140	satsuma-bethesda	2015-12-20		"$1 nigiri, you would have some doubts for a sushi restaurant.  Typically you expect to pay 3 or 4 times that.  But I been here 10+ times either for lunch or dinner and the sushi has always been really good.  I'm not sure how they stay in business / rent being what it is in Bethesda, maybe it's just a front for a underground Pokemon smuggling operation.  But regardless food is pretty tasty.  Now the smokeless BBQ isn't as ""Great"" value as the sushi here.  I would go check it out and you can figure how they afford to do $1 nigiri all time. "	4.0
141	satsuma-bethesda	2015-11-27		Love this place, small but cozy. The ramen tastes authentic. The $1 Nigiri specials are delicious. The wait time could be long sometimes. 	4.0
142	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-03		$1 sushi, ~$10 ramen, $25 bento boxes (dinner), and so much more.  I love the $1 nigiri! Ni actually doesn't make much sense in this situation, as its a dollar per piece, but I love it anyways. The pieces are a bit smaller than regular sushi, but it's expected.   The dollar/piece sushi includes a good variety - salmon, egg, sweet shrimp, uni, ikura, masago, yellowtail, scallop, salmon belly, yellowtail belly, and so much more.   The salmon belly and the yellowtail belly were my favorites. So smooth, fatty, rich in omega 3s, etc. mmmm! I should have gotten 10 pieces each of those, but I wanted to try more of a variety. The salmon was good, but the salmon belly was so much better. Their uni was more on the darker side, but it wasn't the worst I've had- definitely good for $1.   Their ramen was pretty good, considering ramen around the area. I had the spicy miso one, and it came with a variety of toppings, such as octopus, egg, corn, pork, etc. I was so happy that I didn't need to pay extra for egg and corn. My significant other tried the tonkotsu ramen, and he enjoyed it too. It isn't at daikokuya status or anything, but it does the trick to satisfy some cravings.   Their dinner bento boxes are $25, which is a bit steep compared to the rest of their menu. It includes salad, rice, tempura, sashimi, along with the main protein, such as salmon teriyaki or beef, etc.  We bet it's the sashimi that makes the $25 justifiable. It comes with 2 salmon sashimi, 3 tuna, and 2 white fish. The cuts to the tuna was generous, and the sashimi portion was definitely worth it. The pieces were much thicker than the pieces they put on the $1 sushi. The tempura came with 3 shrimp tempura and a few pieces of veggie tempura. Yummy, lightly golden, nicely fried.   Service was great, despite a semi busy night.   I'm definitely interested in trying their whole menu! 	4.0
143	satsuma-bethesda	2015-12-09		I called today to order lunch and when someone answered the phone, she put me on hold. I held for 15 minutes and decided to walk to the restaurant to see what was taking so long. I asked the woman at the front why I was on hold for so long and she screamed at me, saying they were busy. This is unacceptable when you're in the service business. She didn't apologize at all. I tried this place when they opened. It was bad then and even worse now. I will never come back here. 	1.0
144	satsuma-bethesda	2015-08-09		$1 nigiri sushi! Enough said right? The fish was pretty fresh for it being $1. I didn't have high expectations but the salmon belly, yellowtail belly and scallop were my favorite! Also got the sweet shrimp and uni but they were really small - but still can't beat it for $1! We also tried the BBQ (got the short rib and skirt steak) and it was sooo tender and flavorful. Solid meal for only $37! 	4.0
145	satsuma-bethesda	2015-06-28		Never been here for their bbq, so this review is just for their ramen and sushi. Their ramen' pretty good in the area. The noodles have a decent chewy texture. The broth I like -- not too salty and a good amount of pork flavor. I've had their spicy miso and tonkatsu broths. I also like that their ramen comes with corn.   The sushi is cheap ($1 per piece of nigiri) but not always consistently fresh. Some days it'll be great, but other days something will taste off. They always give you very small cuts for the sushi as well, which is understandable given the cheap prices. If you really want sushi though, I would go elsewhere. 	4.0
146	satsuma-bethesda	2015-10-17		I don't eat much ramen, but I've been eating pho too much and it was time to switch it up. Typed in ramen and this was the first thing to come up. Had a few pieces of nigiri which were only a dollar each, and the curry tonkotsu ramen. It wasn't the best, but it was definitely good. I think I'd come back just for the ramen. Nice little spot to get a quick sushi or ramen fix if you're in bethesda. 	4.0
147	satsuma-bethesda	2014-08-27		Disclaimer 1: I skipped lunch and was starving by the time I got here. I don't think it is entirely their fault that when I left, I was still hungry. :)  Disclaimer 2: I brought my sister who said she only wanted 6 pieces of nigiri but proceeded to eat more than that...which contributed to the fact that I when I left, I was still hungry! ;)  I saw a Yelp review that they served $1 sushi. I went to their webpage and saw that they serve $1 sushi EVERYDAY! I have been trying to find someone to go with me for the past 3 days to see if they really have $1 sushi.  YOU BETCHA!  How good can the quality be? You ask. Well, as I love me a sushi buffet, this place is not too bad. Come on in. Try something you would not ordinarily order. Can't hurt. It is only $1.   What is nigiri? It is a little slice of fish (or whatever you order) tenderly cupping a little mound of rice. I stress little. Compared to what the other sushi chefs put in their nigiri, this is pretty small. A probably today because I was super hungry. Any other day, this would be a good thing.  I start with my favorite...Eel. It is slightly smoked. The sauce is a little sweet. Almost like a bbq. The bones are gelatinous and melt in your mouth. Satsuma did not put any extra sauce on my eel, but it was slightly warm and was an excellent choice!  I make sure to order extra tuna and salmon in case my sister decides that 6 really wasn't enough and it was a good thing I did! I was wondering if I was going to have to arm wrestle her but I asked the waitress for some spicy mayo and she graciously left me some of my own food! LOL  Like I said, this is the best time to try things you normally would not eat. I ordered one sea urchin, an octopus, a squid, a scallop, fatty salmon and white tuna. If you know how expensive fatty salmon can be, I encourage you to order that.   I will definitely be back. Not for Sunday lunch though because that is the only time they do NOT serve $1 sushi. The quality is probably equal to a buffet so if you are starving, I suggest Todai or Matuba (downstairs on the conveyor belt) because those are pricier but you can stuff yourself silly.   If you are already in the neighborhood on business and you want a quick bite, or you want to introduce someone new to nigiri and some awesome toppers like sea urchin or fatty salmon (I don't remember seeing fatty tuna), I would come here. I am still not a fan of parking meters because it makes me feel rushed while eating...and there is zero validation. Trust me. I don't think you can even buy a single sea urchin at a seafood shop for $1. Reminds me of happy hour on Fenwick Island....$1 oysters...YUM! 	4.0
148	satsuma-bethesda	2015-09-04		This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants of all time! Love the Japanese seating area, the smokeless grills, the sushi/sashimi, ramen, and tonkatsu donburi! 	5.0
149	satsuma-bethesda	2015-02-22		Went there for dinner tonight-  ATMOSPHERE: We sat at the bbq side and the atmosphere was ok. It wasnt fancy but I like the fact that we had to seat the japanese way. Though, my butt was kinda hurting and my feet were freezing until they turned the grill on.   $1 SUSHI: I read some negative reviews about the sushi, and I dont know what people were expecting for a dollar sushi-? You get what you payed for:) When the sushi came out, it was exactly a dollar sushi-! (texture and the size wise) But i enjoyed it anyways. Some of the sushi pictures on the yelp looks decent and fresh. so i guess its a HIT-or-MISS.  RAMEN: We ordered Shio(salt) and Shoyu(soy-sauce) ramens. Shio was ok. I've had better experience at other places with this ramen so it was so-so for me. Shoyu was too blend! It needed more flavor than that.  BBQ: We odered Karubi and the Harami. The meat were fresh and pretty good. I also read some negative reviews about not marinating their meat but as a asian point of view, the real meat lovers eat it this way- Plus this is their way of selling it so do you really have to complain about it?  CONCLUSION: If I never had japanese bbq before, I would be giving better stars. I kept comparing it to the other places I went. But it was a decent experience overall-! 	3.0
150	satsuma-bethesda	2015-11-03		I don't know what happened!  Our most recent experience was more than disappointing.  They were extremely busy and short-staffed, so we waited an excruciatingly long time for our food. My tonkatsu came out overdone so I had to send it back and ordered something that would take only a few minutes to prepare- that was a mistake!  I waited, and waited and waited some more, until it finally came.  Of course my friends had long finished their meals.  The check took equally long to acquire.  I asked for a to-go container and had to finish my lunch at my desk... I hope my next experience will be better. 	3.0
151	satsuma-bethesda	2015-08-26		Ate at 9:30 on a Tuesday and there was still a decent crowd- always a good sign! My roommate had the Tankotsu Ramen and I had the Curry Tankotsu Ramen. We both had the same assessment- decent but not great unless you take into account convenient Bethesda location and that at $10 it is a couple bucks cheaper than DC's ramen hotspots. In hindsight it would have been worth it to add the sliced pork or sweet corn extra toppings. The $1 sushi, however, was very unexpectedly great! Fresh and tasty fish pieces. I would recommend stopping in for that great deal if you're looking for an affordable treat. 	3.0
152	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-29		This is my second place coming here and it's becoming a favorite of mine.... This time I ordered the miso ramen and my gf ordered the tonkatsu... Definitely better than what I can make at home, haha... Both very delicious.... I have tried the sushi, but I'll right a review with pictures next time...   It is street parking, and they accept credit cards.... Overall, a place definitely worth coming to 	4.0
153	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-11		Came here last night for dinner with two friends. We came just as the place opened so seating was plentiful and service was quick. Because it was so cold outside, we all opted for ramen.  I got the tonkatsu ramen which came with sliced pork, egg, spinach, and bamboo shoots. The broth was AWESOME: rich, flavorful, savory, and perfect in the cold weather. The sliced pork was a bit overcooked, and I wish there was more spinach and bamboo shoots (which were surprisingly sweet, which I'm not used to). The ramen itself was decent, but nothing too special. It was a bit too soft and I wish it had a bit more bite to it.  Not the best ramen I have had, but it definitely hit the spot last night and I would come here again! 	3.0
154	satsuma-bethesda	2015-11-28		"I love this place! Been here many times, and still make the 30 minute drive from my house because it's great! The tonkotsu ramen and ""slow cooked pork rice bowl"" are my go-tos. Good deals, and great food! The BBQ is also pretty good -- not a huge huge fan of the sushi but still a good deal for the price. Definitely come here for the hot meals, though! "	5.0
155	satsuma-bethesda	2015-05-21		This place has the best ramen in Montgomery county, which might not say much because there aren't many places that serve ramen to begin with. But I've been to Toki Underground and Rens, and I actually prefer the ramen here. The other 2 were too salty for my liking.   Even if ramen isn't your thing, they have a BBQ area in the back that serves authentic Japanese BBQ (gotta take your shoes off an everything!) which is also really good. Service is a bit slow, but for the good food it's worth it. 	4.0
156	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-26		Went here for a special event, thinking it would be private/quiet, but boy were we in for a surprise. About 30m into our meal, a bus load of loud, obnoxious kids swarmed in and occupied the 3 empty, reserved tables surrounding us. From that point on, we had the displeasure of raising our voices and opening our ears a helluva lot more than we wanted to. Even the food started tasting worse. Talk about killing the mood.. I'm sure anyone could imagine how loud 15+ children could get at a bday party. Out of all nights, why tonight? Anywho, what started off as a great meal ended up as a disaster; but I can't blame the restaurant. Talk about baaaad timing, blahhhhh! I guess next time I'm looking to have a quiet, intimate meal, I'll have to confirm whether there will be any kids sitting next to us. Other than that, the J-BBQ tasted good, but not great; and the sushi was definitely better all the other times I've visited. For some reason, it just didn't taste as fresh this time. Eel nigiri was, by far, the tastiest. Will definitely order loads of that next time. Until we meet again - Sayonara, Satsuma.. 	3.0
157	satsuma-bethesda	2011-8-10		"This is a place my Japanese mother would approve of- and it's always a plus to see Japanese folks dining in a Japanese restaurant.  Japanese owner, Japanese waiter --authentic Japanese cuisine.  (Have I used the word ""Japanese"" enough?)  The reason I harp on this is because many Japanese restaurants are not Japanese-owned, and it shows in the quality of the food and the ambiance.    At Satsuma, the sashimi pieces are huge and extremely fresh.  The restaurant is immaculately clean, is decorated in traditional Japanese fashion, and offers a tatami mat section.  They even have a bidet in the bathroom!  I felt like I was in Tokyo.  Thumbs up, waaayyy up!"	5.0
158	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-22		I've been here for a few times. Each time time I've been here was impressed by their services,prices and sushi. Sushi was fresh and delicious yum yum! 	5.0
159	satsuma-bethesda	2015-09-22		Stars were for Ramen review only. Had the miso Ramen and it was so so.   Noodles were average and  toppings sparse.   The dollar sushi was very good. 	2.0
160	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-17		My neighborhood spot for authentic Japanese.  Ramen is alright.  Good for a craving.  The real heavy hitter is the $1 sashimi special. 6 tuna, 6 eel, please!  Also down with the bento box here. 	4.0
161	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-19		Walked by this nice little corner restaurant multiple times and finally decided that ramen was needed one day.....  My coworker who went with me was the only non-Asian in the restaurant, which to me means that the authenticity of this place must be pretty good....!  I ended up getting the sushi and was impressed.  The lunch portion is as expected, somewhat smaller than a normal dinner portion, but nonetheless, good.  For Bethesda, the price is right...! 	4.0
162	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-11		Fellow yelpers, if you want mediocre service and mediocre  sushi then you have found your place.  I had time to read the daily news, research cars and write a yelp review. Sushi was okay, nothing fancy, 1$ rolls are tiny, I had to order 20 rolls to feel even half full. Never coming back! 	2.0
163	satsuma-bethesda	2015-05-14		Have been here 2x.  Tried the $1.00 sushi and ramen the 1st time.  While the sushi pieces were not very big, the fish was fresh and the little morsels were very tasty.  The tonkatsu ramen was not too salty, and had a a good mix seaweed, tender pork, bamboo shoots, scallions, sesame seeds and fish cake.  The 2nd time was for bbq.  The Japanese-style sausage and berkshire pork were very good, as was the beef selections (don't remember which cuts).  Service was courteous and efficient both times. 	4.0
164	satsuma-bethesda	2013-12-07		Really 3.5- i don't usually go off the star scale, but I have to with this one.  So- what did I order?   California roll and spicy tuna temaki bento box- 9.95.   California roll was good.  But I'm really partial to the shredded fake crab and no cucumber and a little bit of Japanese mayo.   The 1 shrimp dumpling was D-Lucius Malfoy! Sinfully delicious  The side salad had a wasabi Caesar dressing.  First time you've heard of that? Me too!   Miso Soup- at the low end of the miso delicious scale- they need to rework that soup.  Maybe it was the bottom of the pot.   The tempura was wonderful- large shrimp and yams and eggplant.  Cooked beautifully and the sauce was light and flavorful.  Well as flavorful as those sauces are... I always add soy.    The spicy tuna hand roll was delicious! I've never... Let me say that again... Never... Have had a good hand roll. I was super nervous to order this bento box because of it.  I'm glad I did.  This was great and there was a good amount of spicy tuna!   Marinated Bean sprouts and carrot slices sat in one portion of the grid and I wasn't sure what to use them for so I put a little Here and there.  I would have traded them out for another dumpling.    Service was good theough-out the meal.  Food was served EXTRA fast- which is good because I have my meter going.  But now that I've finished my meal- I have been able to scroll this entire review and the check hasn't landed on my table.  So... A little slow at the end - especially considering the restaurant having cleared out before I finished eating.   Satsuma is painfully close to where I live and I'd never gone cause of the cheap fish specials they advertise.  If your selling sushi for a dollar- I'm assuming it can't be that good.  It reeks of this all you can eat sushi bar that I went to in Miami Florida which was the most ridiculously bad sushi I've ever had.    I also never saw more than one or two people in the restaurant when I passed it.  So I just always avoided it.  When I walked in today there must have been 20 people in here.    I would come back again to try out some more Japanese cooked dishes. Because the tempura was so artfully cooked.    And now I'm gonna flag down someone cause this is getting a bit much.    They were quick to get me when I flagged.  Ttyl Brb - xoxo gossip girl   #MobileReview  #InRestaurantReview 	3.0
165	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-27		Would actually give this place 3.5 stars, but I round up rather than down.  Excellent ramen.  Decent unagi. Decent uni. Can't cry tears of joy for the $1 sushi, but can't complain either. Yakiniku beef has left something to be desired every time I've had it. One of my go-to lunch places in Bethesda. 	4.0
166	satsuma-bethesda	2015-10-05		Love the sushi....been here several times.    Tonight also had the miso soup which was also excellent.    Just like in Japan. 	5.0
167	satsuma-bethesda	2014-08-11		Go here if you want:  -grimy tables -slow service -overpriced iced tea -ramen that tastes just like it came out of a plastic cup   If you want good ramen, you will still have to go to Toki Underground. 	2.0
168	satsuma-bethesda	2015-02-08		Went straight for the BBQ side.  It was very good, however, not a fan because we'd rather go to the Korean BBQ.  It is an experience though.  Comparing this to Rice Sushi (Korean BBQ) in Tampa.  Korean - marinated and non-marinated meat, same quality Japanese - non-marinated only, 3 choices of quality of meat, higher for better. But cow tongue is on the menu. Korean-side dishes (bachan) come with meal. More flavor. Japanese-a-la-carte, plain. 	3.0
169	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-25		FOOD: 4-5 stars, but... SERVICE: 1 star.  Satsuma is painfully, consistently understaffed. Wait staff is never rude, but also never friendly or apologetic when things inevitably go wrong. Kitchen staff seem slow-moving, again likely due to being understaffed.  Takeout orders are consistently a 45-60 minute wait, despite being quoted 15-20 minutes. I once sat waiting for 80 minutes (!) on a dead quiet weeknight (!) waiting for 2 miso soups, 1 California roll, and 8 pieces of nigiri. I've also gotten home only to realize that half of the order is completely missing.  So... why continue to go eat there and get takeout? The $1 sushi is a steal and delicious. The pan-fried gyoza, side salads dressed in carrot-gingery goodness, and miso soup are *great*. After a fifth or sixth bad experience in a row, however, it might be time to breakup with Satsuma until they figure out their staffing issues. 	2.0
170	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-02		We were cold and hungry. We are a vegan, a vegetarian and two meat eaters. It isn't easy to find a place to make us all happy. The service was excellent. The dollar sushi was great, also the Chirashi, Tonkatsu ramen, and vegetarian Bibimbap were all excellent. 	5.0
171	satsuma-bethesda	2015-08-13		A good lunch place. The food is always fresh and reasonably priced. I get a bento box or noodle soup. My friend and I have been there for a dozen times. It is our go to place for lite lunch in Bethesda, MD. 	4.0
172	satsuma-bethesda	2014-06-08		I loved the atmosphere, the $1 Nigiri specials, the service, and the sushi.  How can I possibly rate Satsuma any lower than 4 stars!?  The dining experience last week hit a pet peeve of mine - after ordering a bunch of Nigiri rolls, ramen and some beef for BBQ, it wasn't until after our entrees and rolls arrived that we were notified both the sea urchin and flying fish roe were out of stock.  It happens to the best of us, but why wait after our food was done to tell us?  I centered our sushi rolls around both of those ingredients and got beef/pork for our other entrees to have a wide diversity of seafood and meat.    Of course we could just order alternative seafood upon knowing both the sea urchin and flying fish roe were out, then I remembered we were paying meters (thanks Bethesda), and we just didn't feel like waiting for more food to come out.  A strange experience it was, Yoda would say.    I'd recommend asking to make sure all of your sushi/nigiri rolls are available, especially if you have your heart set on certain ones.  It didn't ruin my experience, but it certainly left me with an unsatisfying taste. 	3.0
173	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-13		"I was wondering how they could afford to serve 1 dollar sushi and stay in business until the plates got plopped in front of me, then I realize why it was 1 dollar. The pieces are tiny! It is roughly 1/2 to 2/3rds the size of a normal piece of nigiri and put together in a sloppy and slap-dashed manner. The fish isn't half bad but it's not ""good"" either. Uni was just this goey orange glob with about a tablespoon or rice wrapped in a jagged piece of nori. Not as tragic as I expected $1 uni to be, but it really makes me question the sustainability of this practice.   I picked the Satsuma Roll which does not indicate in the menu but about 1/5th of this dish consists of eel and spicy sauce, I kid you not. It is caked in so much sauce you wouldn't know if there was any fish in it. Whether or not there's white tail in it is a mystery. It's also smaller than you'd expect for the price ($15!). I'm no ""size queen"" about sushi and hate giant, rice-filled rolls, but they're obviously skimping on the good stuff. Age tofu is no good- served to you swimming in a bland, flavorless tempura broth. It became apparent they make their money by having you order a bunch of tiny little dishes like tapas so you spend 30% more.   You want to try a bunch of mediocre sushi, go right ahead. If you want good sushi, skip this place. "	2.0
174	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-28		If you knew why I gave this restaurant such a high rating, it would probably give you a heart attack from excitement.  Here's why: they have ONE DOLLAR, un dólar, $1 nigri sushi. The quality in regards to the price of the nigri is unbelievable. When I first found out that it was only a dollar for each piece of quality sushi, I was lost for a moment. I was speechless. I didn't know how to react to such news. Normally, a descent quality piece of nigri sushi can range from anywhere between  $4-$8  I ended up ordering at least 30 pieces of nigri sushi! I've also tried their BBQ and after trying this, Honey Pig is not comparable. Their BBQ is quality versus quantity for restaurants like, Honey Pig.  I know many people love ramen dishes, but this place is NOT for ramen. You should stay away. There are other Japanese restaurants around the area that serves ramen by far better than here. 	4.0
175	satsuma-bethesda	2015-05-21		Great Japanese restaurant! This place is half regular restaurant, and half separate little Japanese almost washitsu sections, with the low tables and sunken floors for your feet, in which you need to remove your shoes first. This section has the BBQ grill built into the table for grilling meat similar to Korean BBQ. Anyway, the food here is great. I usually like Korean BBQ better, but this place actually beats many in the quality of the meat. In terms of sushi, this place has very fresh fish. They have this $1 special for all nigiri which is great! 	5.0
176	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-29		Food: 4.5 stars Service: 3 stars Availability of the yummy food: 1 star.  We got sushi, bbq (beef tongue and short ribs), tonkatsu ramen, miso ramen, gyoza, aged dashi tofu, fried ice cream, and green tea ice cream. The food that we got were amazing. The beef tongue isn't exactly for me (a bit too chewy and... the concept is a bit weird for me I guess), but everything else is really good. The only complain I'd have is that the ramen only comes with one small piece of meat. But the noodles were chewy and the soup was rich and delicious. The fried tofu was also amazing! Fried ice cream was interesting, tasted like icecream inside a funnel cake.  The service was decent for an Asian restaurant. I think our waitress has the whole back room (6 large tables), so she was pretty busy and couldn't exactly be too attentive. But she tried and was pleasant.  Now. They were out of a lot of the food items we ordered. I tried to get a second order of the aged dashi tofu (yes because it was that good!) around 7:30, and they were out of it already, saying that my previous order was the last one... which is pretty crazy consider they only started getting busy around 7 when we got there. And they opened at 5! We also wanted to try the famous taiyaki ice cream (the fish shaped cake with green tea ice cream) and the black sesame ice cream, but they were out of both as well. They were practically out of all items that they're known for. That was very frustrating.  So yes, I'd definitely want to come back, but I'd have to make sure to call ahead and make sure they have the things I want, and put in an order as soon as I get there! 	3.0
177	satsuma-bethesda	2015-07-05		Good lunch time bento boxes. Quiet and relaxing. Nice staff. The loss of the fifth star was due to how long it took to pay after I'd finished eating. The wait time was long enough that I nearly fell asleep at the table (evidence that I had thoroughly enjoyed the meal). 	4.0
178	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-10		NOT impressed with this place. We wanted to go here for the Japanese BBQ, since we heard it was pretty good but didn't get to have some since they were all full and we didn't feel like waiting, so we just ordered from the regular menu. I was starving so I just ordered some Miso Ramen.  This review is for the Miso Ramen...BLAND...EWWWW. I was so disappointed in this place. They should not serve ramen and just concentrate on what they are good at. If you want good ramen, go to Ren's Ramen in Wheaton, MD. I will not try the other ramen. It was just so bland and tasteless. I didn't taste the bibimbop but he wasn't impressed either...  The eel sushi was amazing though. However, i will give this place a try for the Japanese BBQ...but otherwise I would not come here again. 	1.0
179	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-31		"Blargh. Came here because one of my friend's said that the $1 nigiri specials were really good. So, I come out of my cave in NOVA to Bethesda to try this place out. Mind you, I don't like to travel to Bethesda or MD unless it's to visit friends or food. So I was like eh $1 nigiri why not.  Parking is alright... not the best, didn't like the fact that the parking spots weren't free even on a weekend... Anywho, this is a small little restaurant that seems a little out-dated. We were seated and greeted by a friendly gentlemen who we never saw again .   My bf ordered the spicy ramen and I ordered tuna, salmon, scallop, and ebi/sweet shrimp nigiri.   Out of all of those the salmon and scallop were my favorite. Tuna was ok and I was disappointed in the ebi nigiri. It was so teeny tiny. 2/5  Ramen was blah. It wasn't that great, only contained 1 piece of pork/meat which my bf didn't know and gave it up to me LOL! The pork was okay, just a little bland in flavor and it was tender. The noodles was the best thing of this dish since the texture was to my liking. 2/5  Service was subpar the day I went. We never saw our sever since he dropped off the food. We had to take our check to the front even though it wasn't that busy during lunch...  Also, the girl sever was dumb as bricks... my bf and I overheard a table next to us place an order. The lady wanted a bento box, but didn't want any of the tempura since it was fried. Even though the menu said no substitutions the woman didn't want ANY fried food in her bento box. Thus leaving empty spaces... which she didn't care about. However the girl server is so mind-blown by this request she didn't know how to comprehend/handle it. She then had the audacity to give this lady an attiudish  tone and say ""well I don't understand, does it really bother you that you don't want tempura"" something along the lines with that...   In conclusion, this girl didn't understand diddly squat, and the husband of the lady had to intervene by saying ""just don't change the order, I'll take the fried tempura""  Well I guess you get what you paid for right? Maybe another chance on the bento boxes if I'm in the area... "	2.0
180	satsuma-bethesda	2015-06-01		We usually come here a lot for japanese bbq and ramen.  We came by this place over this weekend and the service was terrible.  We made reservations for 5 pm.  When we got there the place was empty.  So we told the waitress that we wanted to sit in the back where we usually sit.  She told us it is reserved for others, all 4 tables.  So we ended up sitting in the front.  That is fine but she gave us a mean look and started to ignore us the rest of the night with a frown on her face.    After we got our food she never bothered to check up on us or anything.  The whole place probably had couple tables.  They then started to chitchat in thai language and very loud.  It is pretty annoying to hear the waitress chitchat right in front of you and ignores you.  When the owner of the restaurant walks over they stopped talking.  So we were there for an 1 and so but only the reserved tables were still empty.  This is bad service.  I'll see if I can find some other japanese bbq place because the quality of service I am receiving does not match up to the prices they charge.  NOTE to owner.  Please bring back the quality servers you had before because they are really good and we did enjoy the food and service.  These servers that you have right now are terrible and does not seem like they care about the work. 	1.0
181	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-31		Fish smell, yes $1 sushi, sit on pillows on floor or at a table  Tried the:  Sakie bombs Sushi  2, $1 sushi that one of us couldn't finish 	2.0
182	satsuma-bethesda	2013-08-16		Satsuma is a mainstay in Bethesda, and they really make an effort with their ramen offerings.  I decided to give Satsuma another try several years after my first visit, and I was glad that they have improved a bit regarding quality. I chose two nigiri (tako and albalone) as a primer and opted for the spicy miso ramen as a main. The nigiri were nothing special, but they did well enough to satisfy the casual sushi diner.  The ramen was actually very satisfying and rivals most other places in terms of the depth of flavor in the broth. The broth was a nice, milky affair with just the right amount of saltiness and heat. I was really drinking it all up, it was that good. The noodles were good - tender but firm enough to hold their own. The included toppings of corn, squid, sprouts,scallion, pork, and sesame were enough. A solid bowl of ramen, nothing to complain about at all.  The one area that Satsuma still struggles with is service, and this may only be exacerbated by the lack of clientele on a Thursday night. You'd imagine it to be a place that could pack the house regularly if their ramen offerings were great (especially since they're the only ones doing it in the immediate area), but having essentially one FOH staff running all the tables doesn't work too well. Luckily, there were only 3 occupied small tables and one larger group when I was dining in, so this was not a problem. However, Satsuma is in dire need of revitalization of the interior to really step up their presence. Maybe a more focused menu on specializing on their strong points would rekindle the excitement in Bethesda?  Anyway, give Satsuma another try if you're in the area. 	4.0
183	satsuma-bethesda	2014-12-13		I go to Satsuma at least once a week, I love this place. Quality vs price is very good and fresh. Its great for the nigiri sushi just for 1$ piece! 	4.0
184	satsuma-bethesda	2015-06-03		They messed up our order, brought the wrong food, brought food very slowly, complete disaster. 	2.0
185	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-20		This is definitely my go to Japanese restaurant in Bethesda. $1 sushi specials (seems like all the time) is the reason why I come here. Very cozy feeling and the staff has always been friendly, patient, and kind.  The $1 sushi is always good... my favorites are white tuna, scallop, and eel.  Grilled mackerel entree (over veggies, a mix of zucchini, squash, onions and rice) is also a good options, the mackerel is grilled to perfection...  Miso soup warms you up! Veggie tempura is also really good... everything is fried perfectly.  You can't really go wrong with their options.  Located near the metro, with plenty of street parking/garage parking. 	4.0
186	satsuma-bethesda	2014-01-14		1$ nigiri sushi everynight! can't beat that price anytime. The ramens aren't bad either. I've never had the korean bbq because its very pricey for 3.5 oz of meat.   Even at 1$ nigiri the restaurant definitely still makes money thats undeniable. The only item they probably lose money on is selling Uni for $1. They offer everything for $1 scallop, sweet shrimp, uni, salmon roe, flying fish roe, salmon, yellowtail, tuna, jumbo lump crab, shrimp, eel, octopus, squid. They also offer fresh wasabi for $1  There is happy hour on different days like mon-thurs for korean bbq. between 5-6:30 I think its 40% off select meat and its a different meat each day. Check tip I put a picture there =p. The meats are very pricey for the portions. I don't think theres any other places that offer korean bbq near by so they can basically charge whatever they want.   They also sell beer and a large assortment of sakes!   I'm mainly here for the amazing deal on sushi $1 nigiri everyday, and all day. Dine in or carry out! 	3.0
187	satsuma-bethesda	2015-09-18		Surprised they had 1$ nigiri sushi, and pretty decent for the price.  Also they have a variety of ramen which hit the spot- would recommend the tonkotsu if you like pork bone stock.  The grilled mackerel was good as well.  Plan to return and try their yakinikku 	4.0
188	satsuma-bethesda	2014-01-19		Two words: BENTO BOX.  I've had the bento box four times now, and I can't get enough of it. - Miso soup: tastes like any other miso soup - Wasabi Ceasar salad: love it - Beans sprout/carrot salad: good - Gyoza: only one? I want more! - Shrimp/vegetable tempura: DIVINE - Rice: good portion - Grilled mackerel: perfection  You can't go wrong with any of the bento boxes. It's filling and worth the money. I'm always reminded of my parents' homemade food back in SoCal. My coworkers love coming here for lunch to get the bento boxes as well.  Other items I've tried. - Green tea ice cream: lower the price to $3 and I'll be happy - Tonkotsu ramen: $10 for a so-so ramen? Meh. If you like flavorful ramen, go for the Miso/Spicy Miso/Curry Tonkotsu ramen.  Satsuma is a great place for individuals, small groups, or even large groups. The atmosphere is calm and quiet, and they even have free Sakura Japanese newspaper! 	4.0
189	satsuma-bethesda	2014-07-26		"Came here for the pork belly ramen and it was delicious! While it may not be the most ""traditional,"" I liked it way better than any ramen I've ever had because the broth was extremely flavorful and not overly salty (the broth was actually drinkable as opposed to most other ramen I've had where the broth was so salty it wasn't drinkable). The pork belly was flavorful, tender, and melted in your mouth. The price was a bit more than I'm used to paying for ramen in California, but the taste was worth the cost ($12). I've been thinking about this ramen days after I had it.... "	5.0
190	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-29		We have lived in Bethesda for more than a year now. Satsuma is definitely our favorite restaurant here. Very homy atmosphere, a lot of selections, very reasonable price, nice people, etc. It is not a place you will fell in love immediately, but it just gives you more and more surprise as you go more. Special sushi, tokuso ramen, grill by yourself, the tons, all delicious! 	5.0
191	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-18		I'm going to keep coming back because the nigiri is $1/piece. The sushi quality is  better than what I've had since I've been down in the DC area, but I wouldn't say it's fresh. Service is good. The ramen is just OK, you may be disappointed by the one, singular slice of pork meat if you choose to order Tonkotsu ramen. 	4.0
192	satsuma-bethesda	2013-03-15		"Authentic Japanese food is always a delight for me living in the suburbs. This ain't your Benihana-everyone-HAPPY-GO-LUCKY restaurant, but your very quiet, cozy and just good food place. They honestly have a wide range of items for a Japanese restaurant from a Japanese bbq area to sushi to ramen to udon to rice bowls. Most restaurants pretty much just stick with one category.  We've tried all of the above and always come out satisfied. Their Happy Hour special for the Japanese BBQ is a really good deal so I'd go with that if you're an early bird. Sushi is made to order so it requires patience on your part. Ramen and udon is always perfect on a cold east coast day. My husband loves the Hamachi kama as well.  I like this place because it is authentic. Other Japanese restaurants in the area might get higher ratings because of their ""fabulous CrAzY rolls,"" which are as authentic as Taco Bell for Mexican food, but if that's your flavor than go there. "	4.0
193	satsuma-bethesda	2013-11-30		This spot deserves a lot more fanfare than it receives. There are many secrets about it that make it one of the best Japanese spots in the area.   First, the $1 nigiri special is the best deal on sushi you will find anywhere (even compared to other big cities). It is extremely fresh and includes pricey sushi such as uni, ikura, scallop, sweet shrimp (very different and tasty compared to its boiled counterpart) - all which would usually cost about $4 / piece. Tip: They may not charge you extra to have the sushi aburi (seared) - recommended for salmon / salmon belly and scallops! Second, they have a Japanese-style high-tech toilet (at least for the women)!   The BBQ is also very good, though sometimes a hit or miss depending on how they prepare the meat. The beefs are all very good, as well as the pork jowl or belly, though last time we went, the beef tongue was sliced in a way that made it tough. The Japanese appetizers are very tasty and satisfying. Surprisingly, my boyfriend swears by their bibimbap (and he lives in Korea now!) because of their delicious homemade sauce. There are some bizarre dessert options, but we're usually stuffed enough.  It looks like the place is going through some staff changes, and it's usually not too packed. So come support this place so we can all fuel our desire for cheap, good sushi (and BBQ)! 	5.0
194	satsuma-bethesda	2014-10-08		I always come here for the Japanese barbecue, in the room behind. It is always a fun surprise when I invite guests there just by looking at their face when the waitress asks them to ... remove their shoes! The room is beautiful, and the experience of sharing barbecue together is always a great moment. To be noted: the lunch BBQ formula is really worth the 12 USD! 	4.0
195	satsuma-bethesda	2015-07-22		I've come here often for their Ramen soup (I like their Tonkatsu, but others good as well)- pretty good for the east coast, but doesn't compare to LA. Their sushi is cheap, and fresh. Never tried the bbq. Nice little place, good prices, worth a try. 	4.0
196	satsuma-bethesda	2014-08-17		Ramen is pretty good. Cozy and seems clean. 	3.0
197	satsuma-bethesda	2013-08-05		I absolutely loved my visit to Satsuma. Why oh why did I discover you a year after I moved from Bethesda? They've been open for five years! Five years that I've been wasting my money and time in mediocre restaurant experiences in Bethesda. Five years!  Okay so all my favorite things are here - sushi, ramen and bbq. Right when you walk in you'll see regular seating, but if you go to the back, to the left, there is another room with tables that are separated by screens. You have to take yours shoes off and sort-of climb into the table, which has a smokeless grill in the center. At most, 4 people can sit at these tables comfortably, so plan accordingly if that's where you want to sit (and call for a reservation of course).  The service is where the review drops a star. Just not incredibly personalable or warm. The sushi is okay but not spectacular - but maybe I thought that because the ramen is off the chain. And the bbq meats are so juicy. Everything else we ordered was such a hit, except for the scallops. They have to be grilled in a metal tin and they tasted bitter. But with sushi, ramen AND bbq - for four people, the grand total for my visit to Satsuma was $100 (no alcohol). I can't even make sense of it.   I really cannot wait to go to back! 	4.0
198	satsuma-bethesda	2014-9-2		Best Ramen and BBQ in the area.  I would recommend to try the BBQ at this place and top it off with Ramen noodles.  The meat is fresh to BBQ and takes really top quality as described.	5.0
199	satsuma-bethesda	2015-2-12		Great place! 1 dollar per sushi, where else can u find? And it tastes sooo good! The ramen is very very nice! Uni sushi and tokuso ramen are my all time fav! You have to try this place!	5.0
200	satsuma-bethesda	2012-10-18		Satsuma probably has the best ramen in the area. In my quest to find great ramen like the ones in Cali, I must admit that there's no good ramen in MD. Satsuma isn't great in my opinion, but my top choice for local ramen joint.   Tonkotsu Ramen ($10) - 2 Chashu Pork, Egg, Bamboo Shoots, Seaweed with Tonkotsu Broth (Pork Bone Broth). The broth's pretty good &amp; the noodle has good consistency/texture; The meat's ok &amp; portion's very reasonable. I like the Miso Ramen better than Tonkotsu, it's a little bit sweeter.  Rice with Eel ($4) - Pretty dang good. For its price, it's definitely worth it.  Agedashi Tofu ($5) - Deep fried Tofu with Bonito flakes, Ginger and Scallions. The tofu's ok here, I've definitely had better.  Banana Tempura ($5.50) &amp; Ice Cream Tempura ($5.50) - Very delicious. Good combination of hot &amp; cold (deep fried batter &amp; ice cream). I especially like the Banana Tempura.  Taiyaki ($5.50)- Japanese Fish-Shaped Cake with Red Bean Paste for filling; comes with Green Tea Ice Cream. The cake's actually warm, not like the cold ones you get in the Asian stores. Regardless, it's pretty good.   Overall - Like I mentioned before, the ramen here isn't great. I gave it a 4 stars just because it's the best ramen I've found in MD so far. Btw, the song in the background's freaking annoying. The whole place sounds like X-Mas. I felt like I'm an elf in north pole, making toys for kids lol 	4.0
201	satsuma-bethesda	2013-07-27		How can you go wrong with summer happy hour special of $1/piece of Nigiri, free parking in the Bethesda parking garage on weekends, and location in downtown Bethesda which is walkable with little traffic?  The nigiri special wasn't just your stupid white fish or fake crab meat sushi.  The $1 special includes Ikura, Uni, Salmon belly, yellowtail belly, etc...therefore all fish!  Ordered the Chirashi, the sushi/sashimi bento box, the grilled fish bento box, and the tempura udon.  All looked good and tasted good, although next time, I probably won't order the Chirashi.  The spicy tuna hand roll was good as well.  Tea and water was replenished on a timely basis.  Salad and soup were good also.  Not very busy on a Saturday afternoon.  Next time, I will still order the sushi, but will try the bbq section with cow tongue and the ramen.  The lunch menu didn't have much with appetizers. 	4.0
202	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-11		I like to try ramen from different cities in America and Japan and satsuma has great ramen.  Their yakiniku is really good as well.  I recommend the miso ramen or the tonkotsu ramen.  The noodles are very important for good ramen because good noodles can carry the broth up.  The noodles here are very good. 	4.0
203	satsuma-bethesda	2015-01-06		Location was close to the Double Tree Hotel in Bethesda were my girlfriend and I stayed for the New years. Decided to try this restaurant. Enjoyed the dollar sushi special , gyoza appetizer but I was really craving for some real Japanese Ramen so I ordered their Spicy miso ramen. For some reason, it didn't really live it to my expectation. I was expecting that authentic Japanese taste I've been looking for since I have lived in Japan for some time. The meat on my soup only came with 1 piece and it didn't smell freshly cooked at all. I would probably try another restaurant next time. 	3.0
204	satsuma-bethesda	2014-11-18		great authentic food, great sushi and ramen! the lunch box is also amazing, the only thing thats okay is the Gyu Don, i ordered it once, never again 	5.0
205	satsuma-bethesda	2015-06-08		This place is really good. I had the spicy miso ramen which is really good and some sushi. Service is a little slow though you would think they would bring the sushi before the ramen but no. Also you may want to ask for water they don't bring that neither. 	4.0
206	satsuma-bethesda	2014-11-28		First, we were told that we had to be in and out in less than an hour which was unbelievably rude as there were tables open. As this was our second try on a restaurant tonight, we reluctantly agreed. Second, the food was at best ok. Definitely not worth the $100 spent by 4 people. The overpriced omakase differed from the regular sashimi only due to the addition of dark brown uni that tasted old, just like the rest of the basic fish. The ramen tasted like overcooked Maruchen with added salt. Lastly, the service was terrible. Multiple requests for water and eyes rolled by the waitress when we asked for an additional dish (sorry the others were subpar). I should have known better once they advertised $1 sushi inside. Terrible. 	1.0
207	satsuma-bethesda	2013-06-28		Cutly decorated dinning area. Nice music playing, &amp; volume just right. At some restaurants they have the music playing so loud, &amp; I really don't like that.  The server/hostess was really nice &amp; helpful in explaining &amp; suggesting items. Very nice lady.  Everything I had was good 	4.0
208	satsuma-bethesda	2015-04-04		Excellent sushi! I lived in Japan two years and it was close.  Not as close as what you would pay in Japan, but definitely better prices than other sushi options in Bethesda.  I have not yet tried other dishes but will definitely give them another look. Be prepared to spend a long time there. Service is slow due to minimal wait staff. 	4.0
209	satsuma-bethesda	2012-11-25		I think Satsuma is a solid local Japanese restaurant.  They also offer ramen, which is a plus, although it is not on any of the on-line menus I've found.  Their ramen is $10, and they over Shoyo, Miso, Tonkatsu, and Shio.   I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and a soft shell crab app (not on the menu).  I'm still eating the tonkatsu ramen and I think its really tasty.  The broth is good and the noodles were a good consistency.  They are a bit thicker than the noodles they serve at Sakuramen and Toki Underground.  But they are not as big as udon noodles. I'm drinking the broth as I type, and I'll probably finish the whole thing in about a minute or two, so the ramen was definitely satisfying.  The soft shell crab was good too.  I think that's pretty hard to screw up since they really just fry it.  I thought the crab they gave me was a little bit on the smaller side though too.   All in all, I'd go back to Satsuma.  For ramen in the DC area, I think I like Rens, Satsuma, Toki, then Sakuramen.    This place is just around the corner from my gym, so I could totally see myself getting some sushi or ramen here after a nice workout.  LOL 	3.0
210	satsuma-bethesda	2012-12-17		It was Girls night out! I saw reviews for this place and decided to try it out. It was really cool!  We decided to try all 4 of the ramen since there were 4 of us. The 4 ramen that this place sells are Shio, Tonkatsu, Shoyu and Miso. All 4 broths were really good.  I thought the ramen was on par with Temari's. When you crave ramen, you want flavorful broth, al dente noodles, and some veggies. A great presentation doesn't hurt either. This soup had it all. Each soup was $10. I also got the Spicy Tuna roll which was something like $5.50. This roll was bright pink, just the perfect amount of spicy and tasted fresh off the fish. Yum!  I am most definitely coming back to try the bbq next time. It looked like fun.  I also promised to mention the Bidet. They have a Bidet, it made us laugh a lot and truly made our night. Maybe it can make your night too. Go try it if you've never sat on a bidet before. It might just change your life, or give you an unforgettable moment.  This place was as good as it gets for us. I think it had more to do with all the laughter and fun that I had with my friends but the food was good, the service was alright and the bidet topped the night off. So because of all this, it gets a 5 out of 5 stars. 	5.0
211	satsuma-bethesda	2014-06-16		Food: 3  Service: 2 Ambience: 2 Cleanliness:2  A place I wish was a five star review because I love Ramen and it would mean I have a goto ramen in my backyard.  I've only had their sushi and tonkotsu ramen. The sushi is average, and presentation is boring. Ramen broth has a rich porky flavor and is less salty than other ramen joints. noodles are done right, but I'm always amazed at the small amount of pork that comes with this dish. (I hope the owner is reading this) you cannot serve 2 oz of pork in a $11 bowl of ramen. Pork tenderloin is the cheapest meat you can buy so why you skimp on this I don't know. Everywhere else I get ramen, the pork ration is 2x to 3x the amount. Don't be so cheap with the pork.  Service here does not come with a smile from the numerous times I've been here. You order, they bring food, you pay bill and that is all you will get. The furniture and decor is in needs of a severe update. The restroom is not ideal.  Odd music selection as well. 	2.0
212	satsuma-bethesda	2015-03-14		Trying to hard to be too many things -- ok  bento and cheap sushi sit on the menu with Ramen. We turned up on a rainy Saturday afternoon and they were clearly unprepared for the amount if customers. There was a 25 minute lag on delivery between first and last entrees. Probably won't go back. 	2.0
213	satsuma-bethesda	2014-03-06		4.5 Stars: So far, best sushi I've had in Bethesda.  Better than Matuba (which has the best deal for lunch buffet/sushi train), definitely tastier than Hanaro (their happy hour prices are good but the quality of the sushi is unreliable), and more authentic and reasonably priced than Americanized Raku,   $1 Nigiri? Yes please, and the pieces were rather large.   We started off with some Tamago, a good barometer for how good the rest of the sushi will be. Tamago is difficult to make and thus easy to screw up, but we were impressed. So we had 2 rounds nigiri -- tuna, yellowtail, salmon, salmon belly, smoked salmon, octopus, and scallops. All fresh and delicious.   We then decided that since the sushi was great, we'd better try the hot food, so we order some Gyoza and Chicken Yakatori, both of which were fantastic compared to the underwhelming versions I've tasted at the other sushi restaurants in Bethesda.  And we weren't done yet, just when we were about to burst we decided to try some spicy ramen, which had a delicious hot broth with crunchy octopus, corn and soba noodles (option of soba or udon).   The server was very friendly and pleasant. The best part yet was, after ordering all of this food, some sake, and 2 glasses of wine and 3 beers, the check was only $77! Very reasonable.  Can't wait to go back. 	4.0
214	satsuma-bethesda	2014-05-29		$1 Nigri Sushi...need I say more?? And it's actually good too. I'm all about the smoked salmon and the plum wine. I just wonder how fresh the fish was. The plum wine is very sweet, almost but not quite as sweet as a dessert wine. It's great for sipping and chatting. The restaurant is pretty small but they can accommodate a very large party. The service was good and food came out at a reasonable time. The sushi didn't wow me, but it didn't disappoint either. I would only come back for the $1 Nigri sushi because that's a pretty good deal. Especially is my sushi budget is kinda tight. I wish the sushi prep was up front for the world to see instead of tucked in the back. I usually only like to eat sushi when I can see it being prepared. In either case, their sushi didn't make me sick so they must use sanitary techniques. 	3.0
215	satsuma-bethesda	2012-09-21		Been so long since I've been here and Yelp keeps reminding me to review this place so here goes!  Went to Satsuma a year ago with a couple of friends. The broth of each noodle bowl was pretty salty to my tasting and felt as though the noodles weren't fresh. The dumpling appetizer was pretty good. The place is pretty big as there's another back room from when you enter in.   I don't think the drive to Bethesda is all that worth it. I much rather wait to go to NYC for good ramen. Maybe I'm just a ramen brat. 	2.0
216	satsuma-bethesda	2014-05-31		I love sushi and I love not having to spend a lot of money so naturally I like going to this restaurant. $1 nigiri sushi all the time. One thing that i notice though is that the quality of the sushi changes depending on when you go. During one visit, I came around 7pm and ordered 22 pieces of various nigiri and the quality was top notch minus the uni (sea urchin but that's expected). I went  yesterday at 9:30pm and I would say that the quality of the fish was significantly lower. So my advice is try to go early if you want high quality fish. I've also had some of the Japanese bbq dishes that they offer in the other room. The price is really high and the portion is small compared to korean bbq but the quality of the beef is really high. I would definitely try a few dishes if you have the chance just to see the difference. This is probably one of my favorite Japanese restaurant in this area. 	4.0
217	satsuma-bethesda	2010-11-02		"Couldn't resist after getting my hair done next door. Scurried to recharge my parking meter, then accepted the luxury of choosing to sit where I could people-watch the passersby and read. Ordered some nigiri and tonkatsu ramen. I had to request the ramen menu brought to me, but I'm glad I saw the advertising signs for it from outside. Water was refilled once but the hot tea was not; service was cute and super polite but could have been more attentive considering how empty the place was. They paced me nicely, allowing me to enjoy my sweet shrimp, yellowtail, salmon, mackerel, and tuna before bringing out my ramen.  Sushi was cut generously, average quality, slightly coarse knifing on the tuna and yellowtail. Fresh ginger. Wouldn't come here just for a sushi fix, but definitely wouldn't mind ordering it alongside again. Ramen was slightly salty, but the broth was still drinkable. Soft bamboo strips, thick fish cakes, mound of finely chopped scallion, and a smattering of sesame seeds. Slightly soft noodles, slightly overcooked pork with an agreeable amount of fat left untrimmed.  Three and a half stars. Other patrons evidenced very white collar traffic in the neighborhood. I'd come again but I'll likely try their yakiniku, or at the very least another ramen style, now knowing that their tonkatsu ramen is not the ramen of my dreams (""Daikokuya has ruined me"" is going to be a familiar stamp in coming days, I fear). I was intrigued by their happy hour sushi offering, but from the final bill I don't think they applied the discount. I really need to start looking at receipts before I leave places.  Revisit: rounding down to shy of three stars for underwhelmingly average. Service still light, tea and miso still boiling hot. Curry tonkotsu didn't have much flavor depth, and the only improvement I tasted were the noodle quality. Lettuce with sparse spinach salad and sheet of nori have been traded in for spinach clumps, downgrading to a single fish cake, smaller cuts of pork, and only half an overdone egg. My eagerness to try their beef tongue, or spicy miso ramen (since it no longer has squid) is dwindling. No water offered. Skip the chirashi-- server looked baffled, arrived without wasabi or ginger, rice under-seasoned, fish quality gone down. Sesame seeds and roe, sugar soy marinated shiitake slices, garnishing spinach leaf. Tamago overcooked, unagi was fine, tuna chewy, salmon cut thinner than the rest. "	3.0
218	satsuma-bethesda	2014-07-31		Satsuma gets Five Stars for extreme value. It's not the most delicious sushi in the world and it's not the most gorgeous place to sit. The ramen isn't even that good.   But nowhere else in the world can you get nigiri sushi for $1. It's a truly unbelievable deal - any type of nigiri is $1/piece, so some items like toro (fatty tuna) or fatty yellowtail which typically go for $4 or $6/piece are only $1 at Satsuma. And if you do take-out, you don't even have to pay for an overpriced drink or give a tip since there's no service.  Satsuma is just about the best food deal around. I order about $50 worth once a month and it's quite a meal for 2 sushi lovers. 	5.0
219	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-27		"I guess I'm just spoiled by LA ramen. When I was in Manhattan recently, I was able to find a place in Hell's Kitchen called Totto's which had some pretty good ramen. It compares favorably to the 600lb gorilla of NY ramen Ippudo's but I also heard that Ippudo's the ""ramen for white people."" Well after having tried it for myself, if it's true that Satsuma's got the best ramen for 50 miles, then I'm afraid that Satsuma's is probably more like the later...   Don't hate on me for saying this, there's nothing wrong with the ramen, but it just not memorable or particularly remarkable, it's just ok...   The tonkatsu ramen is made up of the requisite roast pork, albeit sliced a little thin and a little lean for my liking. I actually prefer the fattier pieces of pork like kurobota, thick cut and tasty like lardon. The hard egg and the bamboo shoots were good. There were (green) onions but I didn't remember any ginger. The broth was not greasy or salty, but I thought it was a bit plain and lacked any character. The noodles were the slightly wavy ""top ramen"" kind of average thickness for ramen and were cooked fine just past al dente. I ate everything, but I can't remember anything very distinctive about it...   Everyone seems to rave about their yakiniku too so I just had to try the Gyu Tan. The grilled thin sliced beef tongue was nice, ever so slightly chewy as grilled meat goes, and just slightly salty too, even a bit dry...   If this is any indication, there was only one other couple in the room during the time that I was there (an early Tuesday evening), so this place is far from being a hot spot as far as dining goes. Perhaps it's a bit off the beaten path, but I never thought that would stop people from going to a place that was really good...   The waitress who was the only one that seemed to be working the dining area was polite and attentive...   My tab for a bowl of ramen, a yakiniku dish, and a soft drink including tax and tip came out to $30. I don't think it was worth it... "	3.0
220	satsuma-bethesda	2014-06-30		I walked in here because I saw that they had $1 sushi. I ordered a bunch of sushi, and my dining companion ordered ramen. The ramen was meh. The sushi was meh, but hey, not bad for $1 sushi.   Then I went again. The $1 tuna was clearly bad. Bad enough that I spit it out in my napkin mid-chew. I told the waitress about it, but she didn't do anything about it, and she still charged us for it. Oh well. I guess you get what you pay for. 	3.0
221	satsuma-bethesda	2013-08-07		so I'm kind of all about noodles. I love pho and I dig on the noodle soups at A&amp;J's and Joe's Noodle House and I am totally okay with ramen joints popping up all around DC and the surrounding.   and of the locals, I've been to Ren's, I've been to Toki Underground, and I've been to Daikaya. Satsuma's ramen isn't the pinnacle of traditional form that Ren's is alleged to be. it's not breaking new noodle-y ground while paying homage to tradition like Daikaya, or attempting to revolutionize the dish like Toki.  what Satsuma's ramen is, is ten dollars for a perfectly serviceable bowl. what it is, is ten minutes' walk from my apartment. what it is, is as cheap and satisfying as ramen is supposed to be, with $1/piece nigiri and $2.50 stuffed onigiri rice balls to boot. we didn't try the grill or the sushi, and I don't think sushi will ever really be the point of a visit to Satsuma for us when we've got Matuba a block away, but the onigiri were pretty great.  service-wise: there was a person, and he took our order and brought the food to the table, all within reasonable spans of time. for this, he received a tip.  one low point: they played this one really energetic J-Pop track at high volume on repeat for the entire forty minutes I was there. it had been playing before I got there, it was probably not going to stop after I left. at first I thought it was a singles disc, you know, with remixes, maybe a karaoke track. nope. same track. on repeat. forty-plus minutes. that was...novel. 	3.0
222	satsuma-bethesda	2012-05-26		On the plus side they have multiple types of ramen. On the downside they dont have any spicy ramens nor the options for toppings. It is relatively cheap for the ramen though at 10 dollar.  Large sushi menu also, and a decent set of different other japanese foods.  So, meh, real meh. The grilled short ribs were overcooked and really bland.  The spicy tuna tasted overly of qp mayo and the fish was not tasty either  The miso had fresh tofu which was nice but meh otherwise  The ramen: like everyone says, the egg is fully hard boiled. There are very little veggie content here, just a lot of bean sprout. The broth was meh. The noodles softened after about 8 minutes of it being served. The pork tasted like beef. No nori, lots of corn...  Really a meh experience. My tummy cries 	2.0
223	satsuma-bethesda	2013-08-14		The house noodles and the kebabs (lamb and beef) were delicious! Their bubble tea is also a four star rating. I like that the offer milk teas with soy milk. It was gave the tea great flavor. The dumplings were just ok for me. We got the steamed seafood dumpling and the pork and leak dumpling (fried). The pork and leaks was my favorite of the two. I would suggest passing on the steamed.  The pricing is reasonable and I'll definitely be back for more. My only complaint, the wait time was intense and they didn't have enough servers. We ordered our bubble tea before we sat down and we didn't receive it until well after we were done eating, paid and waiting by the door. I don't mind waiting for good food and i will do that at Yuraku, Makoto, Jumbo Jumbo, etc. but i'm not sure this food was worth the wait. Still, I believe it earned a solid four star rating. 	4.0
224	satsuma-bethesda	2012-03-08		It's all about the ramen for me...don't bring me no sushi menu or that teriyaki crap. Bring me RAMEN, slaves.  And it was delicious. It's a good thing I don't live/work closer or I would become a ramen whale. I order agedashi at every Japanese eatery I go to but it wasn't that good here, kinda undercooked and under-seasoned. sad face.  Cozy, plenty of parking. 	4.0
225	satsuma-bethesda	2014-12-07		Came here on a weekend lunch. Sushi was OK. Ramen was OK, tonkatsu broth was underwhelming but the noodle was good. 	3.0
226	satsuma-bethesda	2014-10-17		I love the seating in the BBQ section. The food was delightful and I love their sushi special! It's a great place to hang out with your family. 	5.0
227	satsuma-bethesda	2012-01-27		"Went here while waiting for the dog to get groomed at PetSmart.  The reviews had been ravin', so Satsuma had been on my ""to try"" list for a while.  We enjoyed a Saturday lunch by the sun filled window of this small restaurant.  They had an extensive lunch menu (available on weekends too!) for good prices $8+.    Bento box had an amazingly unique variety-- very authentic with the pickled sprouts, seaweed, and shrimp gyoza treats that come with any box. I also loved that the teriyaki chicken was LIGHTLY coated in sauce.. I could actually taste the grilled chicken!  I don't like when restaurants drench the chicken in sauce.    Sushi was also fresh and tender.  Service was average, and the overall experience was one to remember.  We'll be back! "	4.0
228	satsuma-bethesda	2012-02-17		Walked in for dinner and there were more Japanese businessmen then I have seen since I was in Time Square..tables of them. We also knew someone from Tokyo who was invited here by a expat Japanese..Gotta be a good sign. It was. The sushi was very good, the service was also great. A bit on the expensive side.  I'll be back. 	4.0
229	satsuma-bethesda	2013-01-25		"Just had a Yakiniku tables with about 15 people.  The service was great, the foods were tasty, and the atmosphere was nice. Overall, 5 stars sincerely.  Personally, it was my third visit. Once at a similar gathering in 2011, then had a dinner with my fiance and friends recently. Every time, staff were helpful if you ask questions or make requests, although they are not the best in proactive services (which I appreciate. Many restaurants have waiters/waitresses ask ""how's everything/foods/etc.?"" too often).  Foods: We tried a variety of meats, starting off with tan-shio (salted tongue, though they have three varieties), kalbi, 'fatty' pork, and so on. Their assorted mushrooms and vegetables were surprisingly good too. Oystermushrooms soaking some of the grease  are juicy and flavorful. Grilled, yet still crispy, bell-peppers are refreshing while eating bunch of meats. Finally, the drinks: I'm not a big fun of Japanese beer, though their light tastes and the relatively strong carbonation make it a great match with the meats.  Services: It was my first time reserving seats for a group at Satsuma, but the owner was quite nice and efficient. From what I've heard, the owner *may* provide non-on-the-menu dishes if reserved in advance. I must try them sometime soon! We had a company of 1 year old baby (who was very quiet and nice, by the way), and other groups also had many young children. No one seemed to be bothered by the noises they made - I like that attitude the staff and customers shared.  Final remark: Don't be fooled by the rather unremarkable appearance of the building exterior. Inside, they have nice furniture and decorations  that give authentic Japanese 'izakaya' atmosphere. "	5.0
230	satsuma-bethesda	2013-03-16		I went here for their lunch special and everything seems nicely priced and the food was good and service was good also! Not really authentic japanese cuisine because the chefs were speak mandarin but nonetheless the food was good. 	4.0
231	satsuma-bethesda	2013-02-11		I went here on a Saturday night and didn't understand why it wasn't bumpin'.  We tried the skirt steak that we grilled ourselves, two types of ramen, a spider roll and a spicy tuna roll.  Everything was exceptional including the service, although this might have been because we were one of only four tables in the place.  I would recommend the steak, it was perfectly marinated and I enjoyed the indoor grilling experience.  The spider roll was the best spider roll I have ever eaten in my life.  I'm still dreaming about it every day and sad when it doesn't return my calls.  I am incredibly picky about my soft crabs and this roll was so filling, not to mention picturesque with all kinds of sauces and colorful caviar on it. 	5.0
232	satsuma-bethesda	2014-01-12		Excellent food, including sushi and (in the rear dining room) Japanese barbecue.  Specials frequently include less frequently-seen Japanese delights, including freshly-cooked yellow-tail jaw, eel preparations and stewed items.  You self-grill your barbecue items in the rear room.  I always enjoy the food at Satsuma tremendously.  It seems more authentic than most other Japanese food in the DC  area.  Service and setting lead me to deduct a star.  The small front room catches the cold in fall and winter (typically, the back room is reserved for barbecue meals, although the server might relent at slower times.). Service has been slow-- particularly detrimental at lunch.  Visit Satsuma when you are in a relaxed mood. 	4.0
233	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-16		"Mmmm, absolutely love the ramen here! It's not overwhelmingly salty at all, unlike the ramen I had at Ippudo in NYC. But it definitely wasn't bland either but instead soo tasty and delicious. Man, if only all ramen could taste like this...i would eat it every day. I got the Shoyu Ramen while my boyfriend ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen, and although they tasted very different from each other, they were both really yummy!  Being the fattys that we are, of course we couldn't leave here without also trying the yakiniku. We ordered a full order of the bistro gyu tan (the waitress recommended that we order the 'bistro' one instead of the original because is was supposedly ""thinner""? Who knows.), and half orders of karubi and harami. My favorite out of the three by far was the gyu tan. It was nicely and thinly sliced, and so good.  The other two meats (karubi/harami) were typical galbi-like beef slices, although they were pretty tasty but considering I'm not a big fan of large quantities of meat, especially beef, a few pieces filled me up. But as for the gyu tan, i was eating one piece after another.  Also, I have to mention how much i'm loving the peaceful, serene traditional Japanese setting of this restaurant, and the fact that each party has their own sorta privacy. Good place for dates, families, group of friends, etc! "	4.0
234	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-25		The Tonkatsu Ramen is actually perfectly salted, and I was able to drink the whole bowl of broth without having to hose down a liter of water. The noodles were so QQ, nice and chewy, and the meat in the ramen was tender and delicious. I'd say stick with ramen and stay away from the rolls here though. We ordered a Yellowtail and California Roll, and both were below average. The Yellowtail was deep fried, then drenched with some sort of sweet mayo sauce-- which was pretty bad. My friend didn't like it either, he tried to scrape off all the sauce. Cali roll was too bland, although I guess it was healthy. $10 for a bowl of ramen seems a little steep, but at the end of your meal, you'll think it was all worth it ! 	4.0
235	satsuma-bethesda	2012-01-15		"If you're in Bethesda looking for quality sushi, over glitzy atmosphere, Satsuma will deliver.  The decor is ""old school"" Japanese, and pretty dated, but the Sushi is fresh and full of flavor!  I was not as impressed with the Pan-Fried Noodles, seaweed salad, Miso soup or side salad.  All were tasty, but not memorable (good enough).  If you've seen my Raku review, you know where I like to go for my Sushi fill.  Having said that, when the wait at Raku at 8pm is still an hour, Satsuma makes a nice plan B.       If you close your eyes and just enjoy the sushi, wasabi and fresh ginger, it feels like plan A! "	4.0
236	satsuma-bethesda	2012-10-07		Just moved here to find authentic japanese cooking.  This place delivers on Goma AE, spinach with peanut sauce and sesame seeds, adedashi tofu, udon and more.  If you're looking for a sushi place that has creative rolls, this isnt it.  But if you like traditional japanese food, it's really strong.  Maybe that's why on the three times I went, there were only asian customers.    As an aside, the sushi was good too.  Basic, well made, fresh, tasty sushi.  You can always tell how well they do a salmon skin hand roll, which should be served hot...and it was.  same for tempura.  Too many sushi places in and around the area are so mediocre.  Raku, Hinode, Sushiko.  They are fine places but just nothing special.  Poorly trained sushi chef shoveling out inside-out tekkamaki.  There's 10 of em in every city.  At least Satsuma is authentic japanese with interesting cuisine.    Want great sushi?  Move to Los Angeles and eat at Katsuya or Sugarfish. 	4.0
237	satsuma-bethesda	2013-05-07		Today I did the sushi (still a soso fan of their Ramen) but sushi was 1$ each.  So I decided to load up on 2 tuna, 2 white tuna, 2 salmon, 2 yellowtail, 2 flounder and 2 mackeral.  First off my green tea tasted like burnt coffee grounds mixed with sewer water.  Secondly the white tuna was unchewable like a piece of grizzled red meat fat.  Disgusting.  The flounder was awful too.  I will NEVER eat sushi here again.  I still feel nauseous.  You have been warned! 	1.0
238	satsuma-bethesda	2011-03-06		DMV yelpers, you have GOT to get out more. I am rarely this negative, but the reviews for this place really got me excited...only to be sorely let down upon arrival.  This is NOT a four star place. The ramen is not mind-blowing. I got the tonkotsu ramen and beyond the salt there was not much else. $10 for that is NOT worth it  The BBQ is way too pricey for what you get, I don't get what quality people are talking about that supposedly makes it somehow justifiable to charge me $18 for less than 15 pieces of thinly sliced meat with minimal marinade. If they give you anything below that quality, I highly doubt you'll even want to eat it.  Also, the sashimi was average. Thickly sliced, but not amazingly fresh for the price you pay.  I think you guys are just impressed by the decor and how it's somehow ~unique~ and ~soooooooo much like Japan~. Yea, it's nice, but if you're willing to let that be the sole reason why you're willing to let them steal your money, then you're a fool.  Also, service was average. For only three tables filled in our area, there really was no excuse with the poor attention given.  $90+ for 4 people, left still hungry. Yea, no thanks. 	2.0
239	satsuma-bethesda	2012-12-29		We came for dinner on Friday night and the restaurant was somewhat empty (3 occupied tables.) We were offered the option of either the dining room or BBQ and we chose BBQ. As avid HoneyPig lovers, we were eager to experience the Japanese version of BBQ. The servers were very pleasant and attentive and were quick to fill up out water cups. The food however was a bit disappointing. We were disappointed to find out that they were completely out of Ramen, so we decided to go for the Aged tofu appetizer and various BBQ meats/veggies (skipping sushi this go around.) For as fun and interactive as the atmosphere was, the food failed to deliver. The BBQ meats were very bland and unseasoned and the Aged Tofu was cold and chewy. Though the meal was generally pretty reasonably priced, it was not worth the investment for such a lackluster meal.   I rated this restaurant 2 stars because of it's appealing atmosphere and attentive staff, however the food is severely lacking. Pretty disappointing. 	2.0
240	satsuma-bethesda	2012-11-27		I go here for only their Ramen soup and I get tonkotsu.  I also either add an egg, sweet pork or side dish of sweet pork + rice.  Very filling and decent price.  For sushi I prefer Matuba.  The noodles aren't as good as Rens in silver spring / wheaton.  Their broth is close but not quite as good but I can walk here from work in 5-10 minutes so it's convenient and a great lunch.	4.0
241	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-16		Hungry for ramen Served bowl of bland; burned by Yelp 'least they had free mints 	2.0
242	satsuma-bethesda	2011-07-11		The last time we had yakiniku was back in SF and ever since then we have been a huge fan. When we knew we were going to be in the DC area I knew I had to find a yakiniku place.  The second night in town my husband and I made it a point to drive out here. It was actually quite a drive (only 12 miles) but with all the pedestrian traffic and stop lights it took a lot longer to get here than we would've liked. But anyways, let's move on.  First, I can't believe we had to pay metered parking when we got there after 7pm on a Wednesday night. Really? Most cities stop charging after 7pm. But not here in Bethesda. You have to pay until 10pm to park. Ridiculous.  Second, the food was really good. We sat at the yakiniku tables and ordered karubi/short ribs (7 oz), rosu/chuck rib (7 oz), assorted veggies, and the pork broth ramen. The karubi is my husband's favorite and he just loved it. The rosu was good as well but since there is less marbling there is less flavor when compared to the karubi. I think we'll just stick to the karubi from now on. The one thing I noticed that was different from our previous experiences with yakiniku was the dipping sauce here at Satsuma was thicker and not as flavorful. I wish I can remember the sauce we got in SF but I much preferred the sauce there than here.  This was the first time we have ever had ramen (not from the packet) so we were pretty excited about trying it out. We're not extremely big pork fans but decided to try it out. It wasn't heavily porky flavored though you could still taste it. And that is how we like it. The noodles were cooked perfectly. Not hard from being undercooked and definitely not overcooked. The pork was also delicious.  Overall, good experience. 	4.0
243	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-16		When I first heard that Satsuma, a yakiniku restaurant, opened in Bethesda, I was ecstatic.  After just moving back from Japan where I went every other week to Jojoen (I still dream about their karubi yakiniku lunch), I couldn't wait to have one of my favorite Japanese foods, yakiniku.  We ordered the karubi here as well.  Satsuma didn't disappoint.  It really was great and lots of fun to cook the meat ourselves on the table just like in Japan.  My only complaint was that the pieces of meat were just slightly too thick and big for the perfect bite-sized portion.  However, the sauces were great and overall it was fantastic and definitely somewhere to go if you haven't tried yakiniku before. 	4.0
244	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-25		Satsuma was alright.  The service was super slow but the food was alright.  Everyone's food around me looked pretty good.  I ordered the bean curd soba so I will talk about that.  The broth and noodles were good, but the tofu... it tasted oddly sweet... almost like it was marinated in wine.  I know it sounds weird, but it was unlike any fried tofu I've ever tried.  To be honest, I didn't like it.  The soup also didn't have any vegetables other than a little spinach.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I wasn't fond of this place. 	2.0
245	satsuma-bethesda	2014-01-03		There were four of us at Satsuma for dinner tonight. Two people got several appetizers and a couple of California rolls. They said everything tasted alright though nothing special. My husband got Ramen and said it was OK, nothing special. I got the Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura dinner and the tempura was very greasy, with a strong tasting oil and heavily breaded. I had to take most of the breading off to eat it. Bleah! One of the most unpleasant versions of the dish I have ever tasted - and it had nothing to do with the quality of the shrimp or vegetables - which was fine. Will definitely not be returning - sorry to say that since I want to find a decent Japanese restaurant in Bethesda that is not too expensive or too crowded. The place was almost empty on a Friday night - perhaps in part due to the really cold weather but probably also due to the quality of the food. 	2.0
246	satsuma-bethesda	2013-09-04		This place doesn't even rate one star.   Does yelp have a negative star?  So I'm sitting a a table and I see a waitress drop the napkin and chopstick for a place setting on the floor while she cleaned the table.  The napkin stayed on the floor for a few minutes.  She picked it up and placed it  on another table for use by a future customer    I stopped her and asked her whether she thought there was anything wrong with that.  While English was not her strength, she understood me.  She began to argue with me stating that she knew that she should have placed a new, clean napkin but that she didn't think to do that.  She apologized - for what, I don't know.  She continued to argue with me.   Then angrily she said fine she would change ALL the napkins on every table. Again, why, I don't know.  AND the sushi chef placed his street bag on the sushi cutting surface!  Disgusting.  No care for cleanliness.   Besides, the food is only so-so, if that.  I've lived in Japan and have hadJapanese food all my life.  This is not a place I would take my enemy. 	1.0
247	satsuma-bethesda	2013-02-11		"Normally when you walk into a Japanese restaurant and it is full of Japanese people it is a good sign.  However, my experience at this place was terrible.  I think the biggest problem was the waiter.  We decided to try the grill yourself option and ordered a selection of meets and vegetables.  The steak was good but the ""Japanese sausage"" were 5 just small precooked cocktail weenies.  The vegetables were unmarinated and not particularly good and the shrimp were tiny and took 15 minutes to cook on the not very hot grill.    After we ordered and started eating, we wondered why so many other people were in the place and it immediately became clear that we had ordered the wrong things.  The Ramen seemed to be popular as did the sushi.  My impression of the place is that if you know what you are doing it is fine but if you don't the serves have little interest in helping you.  On top of that, the ingredients we got were of pretty low quality.  A fine place to go if you are Japanese or are very familiar with the food, if not avoid this place. "	2.0
248	satsuma-bethesda	2012-04-20		The ramen used to be good and one of the few things worth going to this dying restaurant that seriously needed an overhaul. I went back for a tonkatsu ramen added an egg. When the ramen arrived i noticed immediately the difference or rather a dive in standard, it looked like the kitchen took a change for the worse. The most noticeable was the egg, it was completely hardboiled instead of the usual runny center. The stock was not even close to the bone stock it was so-called it was diluted and tasteless. It used to be an okay substitute to Ren's when it was closed now it's laughable. The side dish of eel and rice the eel was rubbery we didn't enjoy the texture. This trip really turned me off on Satsuma's, maybe for good. 	1.0
249	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-16		Ramen!  My bf and i were walking to another restaurant in the area, and saw Satsuma's ramen sign.  It was a cold night, and ramen sounded wonderful--so we abandoned our other plan, and walked in.  I'm glad we did!    The tonkatsu ramen is delicious!  We also got some edamame (fairly standard, apart from the fact that they were REALLY piping hot), and gyoza (not worth the $5 for 5 gyoza).  Anyhow, will be back :)  Sounds like I have to try the Japanese BBQ and some sushi... 	4.0
250	satsuma-bethesda	2012-07-23		I was hoping the good reviews were right and the people saying Japanese people endorsed it... but honestly I have experienced so much better. The ramen was def meh... my daughter seemed to enjoy the broth but it just did not wow me. The noodles were on the rubbery side. Sushi was ok, I got salmon skin, california roll, spicy tuna... again nothing wowed me. I got the miso ramen, sushi, gyoza and chicken teriyaki. Everything was just okay. The boiled egg in the ramen was good. Two people got the shoyu ramen and did not eat any of it. My sister got the tonkatsu ramen and said it was not bad to her.   Two men in are party said the bathroom was awful, not a good sign.   While it wasn't terrible I probably will not return. 	2.0
251	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-10		My friend and his Japanese friends introduced me to this place for my first Yakiniku (Japanese BBQ). Since then, I know the difference between the Japanese BBQ and the Korean BBQ. I admit that this place is the best place for Yakiniku. They are a bit pricey, but i think you pay for what you get.   The quality of the meat is very good, especially the tongue (Gyu-tan) and Japanese beef. For the tongue, I recommend not to overcook them. Try the bistro Gyu-tan and you will come back for more.  The service is decent, but could be improved. I had several unpleasant experience with them.   First, they incorrectly charged me for $80 (instead of $30). I noticed it and had them correct the charge before signing the bill, so i did not have a lot of problem with this. But Dahhh, $80 (instead of $30).   Second, my friend and I ordered a Sashimi dinner set. It was supposed to come with 2 pieces each of 5 kinds of fish, including yellow tail (which is the most expensive kind). When the waiter brought the order to us, we noticed that there were 10 pieces of fish, but we could not find the Yellow tail. Then we told the waiter to ask the chef why the yellow tail was not included. He came back with 2 small pieces of the yellow tail. We did not make a big deal of it because we came here to have fun and we had two additional pieces of the fish.  Therefore, I advise you to check the food and the bill if you really get and are charged for what you order. 	4.0
252	satsuma-bethesda	2012-05-03		Japanese BBQ, ramen, AND grilled onigiri?!? Satsuma, you complete my cravings.   The bbq was fantastic and well-priced, don't expect those Korean bbq buffet stuff here. The portions are smaller, and the dipping sauces are lighter. No overwhelming garlic and sesame oil here. Try the Beef Tongue, it's not as unappetizing as it sounds, think of it as very thinly-sliced beef -- in fact, the most tender beef you'll ever have! We also order the Beef Intestines and Tripe, though I couldn't tell which was which -- PASS.   The Tonkatsu Ramen was decent though the broth could have been richer (I want to taste that pork essence!). I'll cut the complaining since they let you add other goodies like egg, bamboo, corn, etc etc...unlike many other ramen places in the DC area.  The Grilled Onigiri was decent, nothing too special, except that I haven't found many places in the area that serves this.  The sushi was fresh, no probs here.  We got the Sesame Ice Cream, which was decent but pales in comparison to Mikaku's (Herndon). The Tempura Ice Cream was a hit, if only they'd use green tea ice cream in addition to the standard vanilla! imagine the possiblities~ 	3.0
253	satsuma-bethesda	2010-09-06		The ramen is really good.  They import the ramen noodles from Japan.  Enjoyed the tonkatsu ramen.  Broth is rich and flavorful. 	5.0
254	satsuma-bethesda	2012-02-29		"Satsuma is a warm, welcoming Japanese restaurant in the heart of Bethesda.  When I go to Satsuma for lunch, I order a little sushi, but the main feature is the Tonkotsu Ramen.    I would not call myself a Ramen expert, but I have had enough to know that Satsuma stands up to the best Ramen's places in DC.    If I go in the evening, I love to eat  in their back room with ""at the table"" grills.  No, it's not Benihana.  Rather, it's a wonderful way to grill quality, marinated meats yourself.    After a few pints of Japanese beer, and serving of grilled meat, I find myself having a big smile of food satisfaction.  If you are looking for a comfortable, authentic, Japanese restaurant, Satsuma is sure bet. "	4.0
255	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-03		The quality of the meat is superb. In my original review, I docked Satsuma one star because I didn't believe that the price they were charging for yakiniku was appropriate, given the quality of the meat. This, no longer, is the case.  Still some iffiness surrounding their sushi. 	4.0
256	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-22		"I don't know if my opinion on good Ramen has altered from living in San Francisco and having experienced one of the BEST Ramen in the US - that is. Between my girlfriend an I, we spent about $35 worth and thought the pricing was pretty reasonable. With the exception of the ""Jumbo"" Shrimp Shumai appetizer. The appetizer was about $8 and only came with 4 tiny Shumai's that tasted frozen and from the market.   We also ordered the Shrimp Tempura and Sunshine Roll which consisted of a California roll with Seared Smoked Salmon on top. I thought the rolls were decent. I actually prefer Fresh Salmon and not the smoked. The Miso Ramen was actually very tasteful in broth however the noodles did not taste fresh nor homemade which was disappointing versus the place we used to frequent in San Francisco.   I was actually really surprised to see this restaurant get such great reviews, because I thought it was just OK. However, I wouldn't be surprised if this was one of the better Japanese restaurants in the DC area....   *Side Note* Come on DC get your act together and get us MORE authentic Japanese restaurants!   Final question... would I return? Probably not however undecided... I still haven't tried out Ren's so that probably will be the final decision maker. So far, the Ramen here tasted too much like packaged Ramen from the Japanese market. Not worth paying $10, when you could really make this at home with fresh noodles from the store and Miso broth. "	3.0
257	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-06		"Satsuma is off the beaten path of Bethesda Row which is good.  Avoid the tourists and the crowds.  I decided to try this place after reading the many positive reviews here and to hopefully finally find a really good sushi place.  The menu has a lot of options.  Many of which I did not know what they were.  This place offers many authentic noodles and sushis as well as some of the more familiar chicken/beef dishes.  I knew what I wanted, some sushi, and what I ordered actually wasn't exactly what I expected.  I got the Califonria roll and spicy tuna tamaki box.    What I got was a generous lunch bento: california roll, house salad, two kinds of seaweed salad, shrimp and veg tempura, a dumpling and a not what I expected ""spicy tuna tamaki"".  I thought I was getting a spicy tuna roll but I quickly learned a tamaki is what looks like a huge  ice cream cone made of  sushi.  Whatever though, I'm up for trying new things :)  Everything was cooked very well.  The rice was cooked perfectly.  All the salads were fresh.  The tempura and dumpling had excellent flavor and texture.   The cali roll was probaly the best I've had. And the tamaki was interesting.  The spicy tuna had a great flavor and was very fresh.  It was just a big overwhelming for me to bite into such a huge roll.  I definitely prefer the more traditional sushi rolls to the tamaki.    Overall I was very impressed with Satsuma.  What sets it apart is the more traditional offerings and atmosphere.  The ramen I've read is excellent and my brother could vouch for that.  It looked really good.  The chicken katsu here is even made with dark meat chicken like in Japan.    If you are looking for something different than your average commercialized japanese place, I certainly reccomend Satsuma.  I agree with the others that the service is a bit slow and understaffed but the food is excellent.  And FYI, for those driving there is a free parking lot about a half a block down the road or there is a lot of metered street parking near by. "	4.0
258	satsuma-bethesda	2013-07-25		Great food!  I needed a take out order on my way to work.  I called and the customer service was great!  I ordered the steak combo.... it came with steak, rice, California roll, tempura, miso soup and sashimi for $25.00.  Great price for the amount of food I got!  Down side... parking on the street.... other than that... perfect!  Will go again! 	4.0
259	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-07		Great food great atmosphere. Love the place. Definitely try their croissant pudding as desert =]  It's better to sit at the BBQ area. This way not  only you can still enjoy all the food on the menu but also full list of BBQ items. But do know that you have to take off your shoes if choose to sit at the BBQ table. 	5.0
260	satsuma-bethesda	2011-11-08		There is quite a bit to like about Satsuma's preparation of tonkatsu ramen.  The preparation here can be topped with hard boiled eggs, beautiful, thinly cut slivers of perfectly cooked pork, and  luscious sweet corn.  However, while the add-ons were quite tasty, what shocked me was that the actual noodles were mediocre.  Most of my favorite ramen noodle houses use thicker noodles that are supple without losing firmness.  The noodles at Satsuma, in comparison, appeared to be in a state of rigor mortis.  Furthermore, the broth itself was relatively bland and lacked richness.  In short, I'll delightfully take the offerings at my neighborhood ramen house over Satsuma any day of the week.  Yes, it is possible for me to appreciate Toki Underground even more than I already do.  Satsuma is fine for tonkatsu ramen, but it's not the best in the DMV.  I do like that Satsuma has a number of sushi offerings, and, in fairness, I have only stuck with the most basic rolls and did not even try the nigiri.  I was surprised by the rather loose construction exhibited by a number of the rolls, but, for the most part, the flavor was fine.  You can get some decent California rolls with actual crab meat at a fair price here.  The Philadelphia Rolls contained a healthy dollop of cream cheese to complement the otherwise spicy elements of the roll - a wonderful contrast I have grown to appreciate.  I didn't really care much for the Spicy Tuna rolls, and the best of the veggie rolls I Sampled was the avocado roll.  If you aren't expecting Sushi-Ko quality at Raku prices, then you probably won't be too surprised by the sushi you get at Satsuma.    Service was friendly for the most part.  They let you eat your meal and don't really bother you.  It did take us awhile to get dessert (a pretty amazing tempura fried banana served with chocolate covered Pocky sticks and vanilla ice cream for $5!), but I place the brunt of the blame on the relatively large portion of sushi that remained after I had devoured by tonkatsu ramen.    Finally, it should be mentioned that Satsuma has daily specials that sound like they could potentially be amazing.  Had I not ordered the tonkatsu broth, I undoubtedly would have ordered the beef tongue soup last evening.   Also, the moderately expansive menu featured some other interesting items (fried pork cutlet, BBQ eel soup, etc.) so it is quite possible I'll be back sometime to try some of these other items.  If you happen to be near the Bethesda metro and are pining for some real Japanese food, I am quite sure Satsuma would be your best bet. 	3.0
261	satsuma-bethesda	2010-9-6		"Already back for second bowl of ramen! I ordered the same Tonkotsu ramen - the pork flavored broth with a slice of pork and an egg. The egg this time more running than last it was very tasty! I also ordered the spicy yellowtail temaki - chunky pieces of yellowfin tuna with a slight drizzle of spicy sauce, very fresh and delicious. The kalbi - nicely grilled some medium rare some more cooked, nice charred flavor and a good dipping sauce.   I checked out the other side of the restaurant which had the traditional seating (all wood bench and tables). The bathroom was even more interesting, it had all these buttons on the side, it's funny but check this out:   'In Japan, these bidets are commonly called washlets, a brand name of Toto Ltd., and include many advanced features rarely seen outside of Asia. The feature set commonly found on washlets are anus washing, bidet washing, seat warming, and deodorization.' Reference: <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FToilets_in_Japan&amp;s=c42e6ce45d6c0e2127e98a1a94e657aae72c978e6e1c621e9b16cb5f1e3a1fb1"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">en.wikipedia.org/wiki/To…</a>  Haha! It was cool that the seat was warm but it was not fully explored. If I did I probably end up LMAO."	5.0
262	satsuma-bethesda	2010-8-30		Satsuma was a quaint little place right at the corner of Norfolk and Del Ray. I parked my car at a meter spot in front of it and saw the sign for 'New! Ramen!' I went home, read the yelp reviews on it and went back to check it out.  Satsuma was without a doubt run by Japanese, how refreshing after all the non-authentic ones I had tried. There were Japanese characters written all over the boards and menu.   I ordered the ramen with Tonkatsu broth it was only $10 and it came with a thick slice of roasted pork as well as the hardboiled egg. At Ren's Ramen, the egg's extra as well as pork and it cost $15 to start. At Satsuma's, I didnt have to order anything extra so it was just $10. The tonkatsu broth was so delicious and it was not salty like Ren's. At Ren's it was so salty it was practically undrinkable. I tried asking them to dilute it but it was always salty. Satsuma's broth had a great umami flavor and seasoned perfectly. The noodles had a good chewy consistency. The roasted pork was cooked till falling apart, it was not fatty but a nice meaty slice of pork. Everything was so tasty!   I also ordered the sea urchin roll I had not seen that anywhere else. The roll was cut into six pieces and the sea urchin was filled nicely in each one.   I was really satisfied with the ramen and roll, I would definitely go back for some sashimi and sushi. They cost slightly more than most places but I have a feeling it is going to be good! All the wait staff were japanese and they were polite, attentive and fast.	5.0
263	satsuma-bethesda	2009-7-23		Satsuma has great customer service, but the quality of the sushi (dry vs. moist rice, poorly cut vs. finely cut slices of fish, etc.) is largely dependent on who is behind the counter. The meat (yakiniku) seems a bit expensive for the quality, but it will do in a pinch.   The owner is very friendly, and although some of the waitstaff have a tendency to not pick up on body language/social cues very well, the dining experience is fine, overall.	3.0
264	satsuma-bethesda	2010-06-14		WOW! 5+ STARS!   If you love Japanese barbecue, you'll LOVE Satsuma! This restaurant looks, tastes and feels like a similar restaurant in Tokyo would! What a great place.   On our first visit, we enjoyed the following, which was the perfect combination of flavors!   Appetizers:  Shrimp Pot Stickers  Wakame sunomo   Barbecue Entrees:  Gyu-tan (Cow Tongue)  P-Toro Pork Jowl  Karubi (boneless ribs)  Harami (beef skirt)   Rice/Side:  Yamakurage Bibimbap   Unlike Korea barbecue, the Japanese let you grill your own meat, which I consider to be part of the fun. Don't overdo it because the high quality meats served at Satsuma are absolutely delicious! Satsuma also boasts a couple sakes and Japanese beers -- both of which go perfectly with some fine barbecue.   If I had to (HAD TO) improve upon Satsuma I would add to their sake menu, because it does seem a bit limited. Something for management to consider. Other than that, this place really is awesome!   So - take your shoes off, sit on the floor, and enjoy this fabulous Bethesda restaurant! 	5.0
265	satsuma-bethesda	2013-02-04		"lol... if it werent for my friends to make light of the bad service...  it is classic ""asian restaurant hospitality"" where you get attended whenever the server feels like it and you dont question.....but it was pretty bad...  they didnt have most of their sushi items on the menu. they only had 3 servings of ramen left to offer. my friends received my order of sushi...then i received another tables order of sushi. my boyfriend and i started to eat it until staring really hard at the plate, i decided this was not my order and it wasnt. they are not consistent with the serving portions when two of my friends asked for extra pork in their ramen (one got more than the other). half of my fried soft shell crab from my spider roll...came out much later than everything else (what was it doing, sitting around?) every one got served at different times. my other friend got sick the next day from the seafood platter she ordered. we asked for separate checks and on my brothers she charged one ramen bowl 20 bucks...he had to fix the math for her.   also some weird music playing that made us feel sleepy. fuck the ramen reviews.   my bill was 60 bucks. i left 1 dollar for tip. "	1.0
266	satsuma-bethesda	2011-09-28		"Quest:  - to find the best ramen in the DC (and surrounding) area.  Pros:  - broth not too salty (i tried both the shoyu and the salt broths), but still savory; after finishing everything inside the bowl, i actually drank the broth, which I have not yet done at any other ramen place - the texture of the ramen was perfect - very generous with the amount of ramen given - good broth to ramen ratio - no bean sprouts (that's just a personal preference on my part) - ramen comes with egg (you don't have to pay extra for it)  - the pork is very tender  Cons: - they don't give that much pork - the onigiri is not the best that i've had - the staff is kind, but not that attentive at times - street parking  Bonuses:  - delicious complimentary salad - nicely decorated restaurant  Scores: Broth - 5/5 Ramen - 5/5 Other ""Stuff"" in the Bowl - 4/5 Overall Feel of the Restaurant - 3/5  Current Rank: #1 out of 3 (Satsuma, Temari Japanese Cafe, &amp; Ren's Ramen) "	5.0
267	satsuma-bethesda	2012-03-17		came here in high hopes! first time was on a weeknight, wednesday, tonkotsu broth was very good.. not over the top oily too! but the shoyu was just ok. we didn't try the other 2 ramens. i was not impressed with the noodles, the egg was overcooked and plain (ramen i'm used to has medium boiled eggs, not hard boiled, and either marinated or seasoned. my fav part of the dish actually =P but this was def hard boiled), slice of pork was alright. everything was not bad, but not great, except that tonkotsu broth. also had a couple of rolls, nothing to oooh and ahhh about but was not bad, again, my reaction was, meh, ok.   2nd time i came, on a saturday evening, i was excited to have that tonkotsu broth! i'm not sure whether it was because they had a lot of tonkostu orders or maybe the pork bone just wasn't that rich but the broth that night was less flavorful, as if they just diluted it.. not consistent =(.  the service was great, the price was reasonable, but the food was mediocre.. i'm willing to go back, and maybe try the miso ramen or take another stab at the tonkotsu, but i'll def go back mindful of what to expect. the search for a good ramen place in the DMV area is still on. i really hope this is not the best in the area as other reviewers eluded to =( 	3.0
268	satsuma-bethesda	2013-02-18		I've definetly had better...Services was slow, mind you, they only had 2 other tables!  I will say the spicy tuna crunch roll was amazing but other than that I wouldn't come here again. 	1.0
269	satsuma-bethesda	2011-09-20		Finally checked this place out to idle a sudden ramen craving I had the other night.    It was a okay bowl of shio ramen. Not most favorable in this MD/VA area but good enough to satisfy my craving. I did like the fact that the ramen itself was cooked al dente and not mushy. My friends enjoyed the miso ramen.  The sushi rolls we ordered were not memorable to mention or go back for.    I am curious to return and try the grilled meats selections off their menu.   Also, they could use a better ventilation system cause after leaving my clothes still smell like cooked grease I would expect to get from a visit to like popeye's chicken or any other preferred fried food establishment. 	3.0
270	satsuma-bethesda	2013-07-26		My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! He loves the ramen. It's just unfortunately not open on Sundays. 	4.0
271	satsuma-bethesda	2011-08-21		Based on Yelp recommendations, we ventured all the way to Bethesda to try the Ramen.  On a Saturday night, they ran out of Ramen!  Not cool!  Instead I tried the tempura udon soup which was a fail.  The broth just wasn't good.  Dagger!  As if that wasn't bad enough, the service was awful.  The restaurant was less than half full and the waitress just didn't seem like she cared.  I want to try the Ramen but after this experience, I don't think I have the energy. 	2.0
272	satsuma-bethesda	2009-07-27		Good value for the lunch options - about 8 bento box choices! The garlic beef option, however, was a little fatty - like, a lot fatty. I'd say about half the meat was fat. However, the flavor was delectable. Sashimi was very fresh and tasty.  The restaurant was surprisingly quiet for a Monday lunch time. Service was quite fast. 	3.0
273	satsuma-bethesda	2012-07-20		This place seemed legit from the moment I walked in.  I had unadon, which was great!  All I had from the sushi menu was a rainbow roll, which was good.  I can't wait to go back and try the ramen.  I noticed three other customers who were speaking Japanese, which I think speaks volumes of the place. 	5.0
274	satsuma-bethesda	2011-03-16		Like a trip down memory lane. A wild, funky trip where you take the red pill and realize that you're not in Kyoto anymore Alice.   Ok, let me be frank about this. I tried to be Alice...but you can see where my opening statement got me. I blame Johnny Depp, but I digest.   When Satsuma opened, I wasn't crazy about it. I didn't even Yelp about it. Yes, I couldn't even Yelp about it. What happens when you can't get your Yelp up? Once again I digest. But now...things are different here.   In Japan, there is a great tradition of really good street food and of little hole in the walls that sells the best after work food. This was a taste of that world for me. Maybe, not for everyone else, but for me...it was a taste.   Atmosphere: They can do much better. I won't go further.   Food: Starter: Gyoza: Pork dumplings that was steamed and then pan fried just to give it a great little sear. Here's what got me...it was moist, tender, the right amount of green onions and quite tasty.   Starter 2: Chicken Yakitori: This is probably, the ultimate street food in Japan. You go to Tokyo, Kyoto, Okinawa, Hoboken....sorry, just making sure you were still paying attention. It was grilled right, had the right amount of sauce (sweet, but not sticky sweet), the fats carmelized just right...yeah.   Mains: Gyu-tan: Yaki-niku: Grilled meat. Ok, but this is beef tongue. yes, tongue, but it's good. Just the right amount of pepper and teriyaki sauce, but not overpowering. Ok, but for some folks this is going to be a stretch. It's tongue after all...it is a tough muscle. Is it tender, you ask? Well, for the preparation and cooking method it is...still tender. Put on  your dentures and get over it.   Shoyu Ramen: OMG...ok, let me state....OMFG. F stands for 'Freakin' just in case you Google it. Really? Ok, It's not Tampopo (look it up), but I can tell you when a place gets basic Ramen done right...it's reason enough to trade in your Walkman for a IPod....ok, I've already done that. Trade in your Vaio for a Powerbook....wait, I did that too. Hmmm, Trade my Scooby-Doo for Naruto. Done. You know, I would've gotten away with it, if it weren't for those meddling ninja kids.    The shoyu broth is light and not too salty. The pork sitting tenderly on the ramen seems like a gift. The egg that was pre-boiled and then let to sit in black tea and with the greens makes it an utter delight.   Pricing: Moderate...it actually is a good meal deal. Cheap, but good eats.   Service: Personable and nice.  Bottom Line: yeah, like you have to ask....i'll be back. I just can't wait for it to get better. 	4.0
275	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-21		Disclaimer: Strictly a Ramen review.  Long story short, Satsuma has offically become my go-to place for ramen. I've tried it at a few other places around the area, and nothing compares. Your typical Ramen bowl at Satsuma includes all your essential meats and eggs, while you're racking up bucks, having to add it at other places.   The ramen here is just right. The noodles aren't too soft or chewy, and the flavoring is savory. I hate the fact that a lot of people misunderstand and think that great ramen also has to be salty, which simply isn't true.   Get itttttttt. 	4.0
276	satsuma-bethesda	2013-05-22		I created a yelp account just to write about my terrible experience at Satsuma. My friend and I went there on a weekday 10 minutes before their lunch break. We were not greeted when we entered the restaurant and were told just pick a seat. Once seated, our waiter did not give us a menu. Instead he asked us what we wanted and if we didn't know, it was best that we left. Baffled, we both ordered a sushi roll and miso soup, because we couldn't think of anything else.   Five minutes later a couple comes in and they were greeted right away. They were shown to their seats and were handed menus. I was eavesdropping because I wanted to see if the waiter would be more polite to the couple then he was to us, and he was.   The miso soup had a strange after taste and my california roll kind of fell apart. Overall I was not satisfied with the food/service at all. I understand that we came last minute, but we were hungry and tired. What insulted me the most was how the couple who came after me was treated 100% better. I would not return to this establishment ever again. 	1.0
277	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-30		I wanted to love this place since I had been feenin for some ramen for months, but unfortunately, I cannot recommend this place.  I came for an impromptu casual birthday celebration with a friend. We were expecting a nice outing with good food and good conversation; however, our experience fell flat.  When we first walked in, we noticed that there was only one girl working the whole area as both the hostess and waitress. Not only that, but she was also the only one bussing tables. Mind you that this was during the lunch rush on a Saturday in downtown Bethesda.  There's a lot to be said about the service. Because there was only one waitress, there was a lack of organization and efficiency. People who arrived after were being seated before other groups who had come first. On top of that, the service was unbearably, yet somewhat understandably, slow. The waitress seemed to lack a sense of urgency, just wandering around deciding what she wanted to do next. I wanted to light some fire beneath her feet to get her moving. Had she had a different attitude, the service would've been 50% more efficient. Not only that, but she lacked communication skills. As a waitress, if you lack communication, that is a big problem.  (And no this was not a language barrier. She spoke perfectly fluent English.)  We had to flag down one of the servers to grab us menus and waters after a fifteen minute wait. It took us about a minute to decide that we both wanted the Shoyu Ramen (soy sauce flavored broth with hard-boiled egg, bamboo shoots, spinach, and meat). They brought us a salad to whet our appetites, and then our main entrees came. We dug right into the warm broth and the egg noodles and both looked at each other with disappointment. For $10 a bowl, we got 2 pieces of meat each, half an egg, some canned bamboo shoots, a handful of spinach, and some egg noodles. Not only that, but the broth was so average - nothing stood out. I make a better noodle soup than this.  I would come back again to try the barbecued meats and sushi, but never again for the ramen. And if I did come back, I'd expect long waits, and not to bring my friend again who said that he would never come back.  Also, note that on Sundays they are only open in the evening from 5-9PM. 	3.0
278	satsuma-bethesda	2013-01-23		We decided to tried this place just to find out that they were about to close. Anywyas, we still ordered a california roll and Shrimp tempura. But I could say that I had better before. Im not sure if it was becuase they were rushing to close the kitchen or what. Before leaving I noticed there was another sit down area next door. From what I looked, you could sit on the floor while eating, it looked like a good idea but we couldn't experience it. Anyways, maybe the time was a right to fully rate their service, but I feel like they had the option to just close the restaurant if they know that they wont provide a good service. 	2.0
279	satsuma-bethesda	2012-02-15		I thought this was a great sushi place.  However, I must say that I was surprised to hear Mandarin and Cantonese from wait staff.  Uhm....weird.   I guess that means my people are resourceful.   That being said, I thought the food was great.   Miso soup and Edamame were standard.  I ordered the Oyakodon and it was OK.  Too much soy sauce I think.  The sushi was very good though.  Fish and rice were very fresh.    If I'm in town again, I'll come back.  Next time I try the ramen. 	4.0
280	satsuma-bethesda	2013-03-20		I have eaten many meals at this restaurant and I hope to go back there soon! It's one of the few places you can receive authentic Japanese food in Bethesda. 	5.0
281	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-05		Domo, Satsuma.  Your little gas grill makes my mouth water as I watch the mushrooms sizzle.  You even make me like cabbage, but only when seared and dredged in your salty sweet dipping sauce.  And the thin slices of beef are a singular delicacy reminding us all to savor each bite.    When I look around at the restaurant's clean lines, I forget I'm in Bethesda and not Kyoto.  The effect is heightened because my party is the only one that can't speak fluent Japanese.  In a sea of mediocre family restaurants in Bethesda, Satsuma delivers what we're all looking for, a little reprieve from the DC sticker shock and a healthy dose of authenticity. 	5.0
282	satsuma-bethesda	2012-11-14		3.5 stars  Ramen is okay here in my opinion. I really wish they had one with a spicy broth instead of having just savory broth. The egg in the soup is seasoned incredibly well though. I think the best thing to order here is actually the sushi &amp; sashimi box for lunch. You get a ton of delicious fish for a very reasonable price. The dark seaweed salad and bean sprout salad in the box are addicting too. It's pretty busy 12-1, so I would avoid that time frame for a quicker service. 	4.0
283	satsuma-bethesda	2010-11-04		I was sad when my favorite ramen spot (Ren's Ramen) closed.  But at the advice of NicoleL, I found a great alternate in Satsuma.  After having eaten here several times, I have concluded that this ramen is a truly worthy replacement.  The tonkotsu broth is savory without being overly salty.  They have additions such as an egg and extra roast pork.  My only regret is that they don't have the really savory pork fatback that Ren served and the egg yolk should be a bit more runny. 	4.0
284	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-17		Tasty and reasonably priced sushi, but seating is limited. 	4.0
285	satsuma-bethesda	2010-09-06		It is run by Japanese people, and they do have some things on the menu that aren't always available in other Japanese restaurants in the area.  But the food quality just isn't there.  Their sushi-- again, not that good.  What's distinguishable is the size of each piece.  The cut of fish is thick and very filling-- a little too much.  The quality isn't better than any other restaurants in the area.  It's not bad, but not that good either. 	3.0
286	satsuma-bethesda	2012-03-12		Good food @ good price  I and my Japanese friends go there at least once a month for Japanese food fans, you can't miss this restaurant ! 	4.0
287	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-22		"The best Japanese restaurant in the area.  Satsuma is a very yummy Japanese restaurant that serves authentic Japanese food.  They have an area where you can eat food cooked by the chefs, as well as a ""Yakiniku"" area where you can cook your own meat.  This self-service barbecue is very popular, and you usually need to make reservations in advance if you want to do it.  The sushi is great--probably the best I've had in the DC Metro Area.  Even so, the real attraction is the Japanese style BBQ.  It's delicious, and you have many cuts of meat to choose from.  The staff is very helpful, so don't worry about not knowing how to use the barbecue your first time.  It's also very safe, since the BBQ uses gas instead of charcoal.  Once you eat the barbecued beef, you will be hooked--trust me.  The seating area around the grill is great for both big and small groups.  I usually go with just two other people, but once time we fit both my family and my wife's family all in one booth!  I think there must have been 10 people around one barbecue.  There are many good Japanese restaurants in the area, but this one is probably the best I've gone to.  That said, we usually just come here on special occasions, since we end up eating way too much yummy barbecue, and ringing up big bill as a result. ^^; "	5.0
288	satsuma-bethesda	2011-05-27		The ramen here is pretty standard compared to LA joints.  But most DC locals wouldn't know the potential, so just paying over $10 for a bowl of noodles alone is probably either a big turn off, or an exotic draw to a new aspect of Japanese cuisine  They also have sushi apparently...    There really is nothing to comment on the ramen, nothing really special about it.  But just nice to have around, its not like theres any other options in the area...  Seating is pretty limited.  Definitely not good for groups larger than 4.  Looks like theres a separate room with the sushi bar and possibly more seating.  But looking at the pics, its Japanese floor seating/foot pit style. 	3.0
289	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-23		Only place I know where one can get hamachi kama, cha wan mushi, natto sushi, ika yaki. It seems the proprietors are actually Japanese.  For dinner, I got the yellow tail jawbone, a large sushi roll, and an order of natto maki, with a bottled green tea. $27 bucks, not cheap, but not bad for the quality of the food.  Service is polite if perfunctory. In the back room, they have cozy tables for groups with built-in grills.   Watch out! Parking meters in the vicinity need to be fed until 9PM. 	4.0
290	satsuma-bethesda	2012-12-04		The place could use a facelift but that shouldn't detract you from the above average sushi.  It's better than WholeFoods but not the best in town. 	3.0
291	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-07		I've been back for ramen several times now (probably 10+). I have to bump it down 1 star for inconsistency.  Sometimes I'll get a mini-salad appetizer. Sometimes the broth will taste like it did last time. Sometimes there will be more noodles. Sometimes it'll come with a boiled egg.  I'm not sure what's going on behind the scenes, but they should really settle and formulate a set bowl of ramen. 	4.0
292	satsuma-bethesda	2012-12-14		"Okay, so the service can be slow but their sushi is on point.  Satsuma's sushi is always fresh and flavorful.  When I want to ""splurge' a little, I order the Tekka Don (tuna sashimi on rice).  If you're a fan of tuna like I am, this dish will not disappoint-- the rice alone is delicious added with the slabs of tuna, it's AH-MAZING.    I've always sat on the restaurant side; however they have their sushi bar and Japanese style tables for Yakiniku (Japanese BBQ) in the back.  I have yet to try this,but definitely will someday. "	5.0
293	satsuma-bethesda	2011-12-02		Sashimi: I reserved a star because of their limited selection. My favorites (mirugai, tai, ama ebi) are never available, but I can say with confidence that they have the FRESHEST UNI in town and around.  On different occasions, my uni was served on a Japanese Shiso leaf and in a carved out cucumber.  The sashimi pieces are fairly large with just the right amount of rice. The chef definitely knows what he is doing.   The Rolls: I have ordered the vegetarian roll as well as the yellowtail jalapeno rolls. I seldom order rolls at sushi restaurants but I was not disappointed with my decision. DELICIOUS! :D Good rice to fish ratio and it falls apart perfectly in your mouth.    The Ramen: Satsuma is known for their Ramen... probably because it's the only place within 50 miles that serves it.  It was very flavorful but also very greasy.   Ambiance: Sit in the back. it almost enhances the experience. They have adorable traditional-style tables with little butt pads. Kind of makes the food taste better.   I give this place a strong 4 overall. I would go back any day :) 	4.0
294	satsuma-bethesda	2012-08-22		Go for the yakiniku (in the back area), customer service is good and try the croissant dessert. 	5.0
295	satsuma-bethesda	2012-12-04		I think this place is the best place in downtown Bethesda. The price is not bad and there are several things on the menu that I really liked. I went there on a Wednesday so maybe that's when their shipment of fresh fish come in. I ordered the following and they were good.  Yellow Tail sushi, Sweet Shrimp, Uni, Salmon, and White Tuna. My friend ordered the cooked food and they tasted good too. I would come back to this place again. I wish they would server the Shrimp head (fried) with the order of Sweet Shrimp. 	4.0
296	satsuma-bethesda	2010-06-02		Satsuma is one of those places most people don't know about, but when they find it, they're glad they did. Satsuma goes out of its way to be more authentic than the other sushi places in the area. They have not only a selection of sushi (which is a very good selection), but other Japanese dishes and even unusual deserts. Sesame ice cream was definitely an adventure!  Between the hours of around 5 pm to 7 pm Monday thru Friday, the restaurant also hosts a 15% off happy hour, making it more affordable. The place is quiet too, and great for when you just want to satisfy that sushi craving without the flash, the bar scene or the noise that goes with everywhere else. Check it out! 	5.0
297	satsuma-bethesda	2012-04-12		I love ramen; when I found out that such a restaurant exists in the DC metro area, I knew I must go. Indeed, the ramen here is delicious. The tonkotsu ramen would definitely be my top choice and highly recommended. They also serve other traditional Japanese dishes, such as sushi/sashimi or the standard teriyaki and rice dishes.  Needless to say, service can be quite a bummer. One time, my group of three all ordered ramen, and the three bowls were sitting on the counter, waiting to be delivered to our table. The waitress served ONE of the bowls to another table and brought two to ours. As expected, they had no clue what they did wrong, and we had to wait another 30+ minutes for my bowl to come out. Then, the owner had to fight us on a discount, and we only got 10% off for the inconvenience. Another time, my friend ordered a nabeyaki udon, and the waitress nodded and accepted the order. They then brought out the bowl with nothing but noodles and soup in it. Upon raising the issue, the waitress was all confused, saying that she had no idea what nabeyaki udon is, and the kitchen had no idea how to make such a dish. Makes me wonder why the order went through in the first place. We brought the owner in, and they actually gave her a free meal, and for the next time too.  Those were the key moments I have had at Satsuma that I found disappointing. I will admit that not all times I go, service is that bad. But, be aware that it takes a while for the food to come out, and they may not be as attentive as you'd like. Hence, this restaurant ranks as a solid 3. The food definitely helps make up for it, somewhat. 	3.0
298	satsuma-bethesda	2012-08-22		I love their Ramen! 	4.0
299	satsuma-bethesda	2011-08-29		I went to Satsuma about a year ago with my husband and a friend from out of town to see if the place could be our Japanese cuisine go-to spot.  We were seated, excited to try some of their noodle dishes. When we placed our orders, we were promptly told that they were out of noodles. WHAT?! It's a freaking noodle place - why are you out of noodles?! We were very disappointed (especially since they still had their chalkboard out on the street advertising noodles), and chose other entrees.   While we waited for our food, I made a visit to the ladies room to be completely (and delightfully) surprised with a Japanese toilet. They are so cool and I never had so much fun going to the loo as I did when I was visiting Japan.  We ended up waiting a long time for our food- so long that the Asian father &amp; son who came in after us was already most of the way through their entree before we even received our appetizers. My husband &amp; our friend (who spent time in Japan) were very miffed because typically Japanese service is very friendly and prompt. When we FINALLY got our food, I was extremely disappointed in my tempura udon soup - the tempura was very soggy and the sweet potatoes weren't even cooked. The soup was unremarkable. My husband and our friend liked their dishes a little more than I did.   We might be willing to give Satsuma another try in the future, but every time I walk by the place, I still get a wave of frustrated memories of my last visit. The only good part was the really neat Japanese toilet. Yes, the toilet. 	1.0
300	satsuma-bethesda	2010-03-28		This is the only Japanese place in Bethesda to have some form of DIY yakiniku! For about 7 grams or oz (?) of meat to cook on your grill is about $14-16 depending on the cut and whether or not it's marinated. The sausage is a must try for about $6.  Most of the times I go for the yakiniku but the other time I ventured on other foods. The sushi was definitely oishi(!) especially the spicy crunchy tuna roll.  Minus 1 star though for the nabeyaki udon. It usually comes with more veggies, an egg, and shrimp tempura but I was disappointed to see that we were given a big pot of udon in soup with some nappa, 5 tiny baby shrimps, and 3 measly chicken bits. Other than that the atmosphere is soothing, and the coolest part has to be the BBQ room where you take off your shoes and sit in a pit to cook your meat! 	4.0
301	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-10		really did not live up to the 4 stars it was given on yelp -_-.First off the service, maybe it was busy that night I really don't know, although the grilling tables next to me were all filled up they all got tons of attention. My table however, did not get some water or menus until I asked the waitress for a menu. She passed by our table every 5 min for 15 min and she didn't notice we didn't have anything?! 0 star  Second, over rated, over priced meat. The meat looks  better than it tastes, I think because it's not very well seasoned and that makes it SOO bland. The pork toro definitely looks better in the picture or we just didn't get a good plate. Because frankly the pork toro is SUPPOSE to have a good fat to meat ratio. Not just plain fat and that's what we got. And the portions are SOO over priced?! Regular kalbi that is NOT seasoned 3 oz for 9 dollars?! Reallyy?! I was expecting some kobe beef or something but no it was regular kalbi,so bland I could do better at home. And 3 oz.. that's about 5 - 7 pieces of meat about 1/2 long, give or take a few. 2 star  Sushi is OK I say better than most of the restaurants in Rockville especially sushi damo (place sucks). But not anything too special. Atmosphere was nice around the grilling place, I love how they made their tables very sophisticated and authentically Japanese. +1 star   Again the service, after we got our food, I did not get my water refilled until I caught the waitress again.  Frankly for the price I paid for my meat,. I want some service ok?   I came in some what hungry but no very hungry and thank god for that. Because frankly I wouldn't be full from the meat alone and they don't give you any side dishes. Miso + $2 Lettuce + 3.50?! RICE omg is $1.5 Garlic $3?!. They don't give you any of these you have to pay for it. I left disappointed and ripped off.. Thats all I gotta say 	3.0
302	satsuma-bethesda	2011-05-20		THIS PLACE IS BOMB.  From the raw scallops, the raw sweet shrimp, uni to their spicy yellow tail, ramen and YAKINIKU, this place is extraordinary for fresh traditional japanese cuisine.  I was pleasantly surprised as I walked past the regular seating area to the Yakiniku (bbq) area. Though expecting it to be smoky and gross-smelling, it was the total opposite.  There are about 6 pits/grilling areas, and they have these contraptions that suck the air right from the grill rather than letting it fill the room.  I felt the food was very fresh and well seasoned.  I LOVED the ramen (tonkatsu ramen) and especially liked the noodles - they were very, how do you say..... bouncy? I'm sure that's not the right description, but essentially they weren't soggy, hard or gross.  The meat for the Yakinuku was a little underseasoned, but is complimented with two different sauces (as you'd have at a typical korean bbq restaurant) - one for the pork and one for the beef. With a little more seasoning, the meat alone would be sufficient without the sauces.   I'm sure I could go on forever about the service or the decor, but in the end, you're there for the food right?! If you're ever in the Bethesda area, give this place a go. I'd definitely recommend this place, and I can't wait to go back. 	5.0
303	satsuma-bethesda	2012-06-15		Pretty medicore. I came here in hopes of a nice upgrade from my normal ramen fix at Ren's... Definitely not even comparable. Noodles were kinda rubbery and the tonkatsu broth was too salty. Perhaps we came too close to closing time so the kitchen was slacking? Service was fine and all the employees were friendly at least. 	2.0
304	satsuma-bethesda	2010-8-26		Big announcement: They now serve RAMEN!  I no longer have to drive out of my way to get some ramen at Ren's Ramen hole in the wall joint (not bashing that place, love it).  The Ramen: Satsuma serves 4 different types of ramen: Shoyu, Miso, Tonkatsu, and Cold Shoyu(?).  Toppings: They only have 3 toppings you can choose from, whereas Ren's has a few more at ridiculous prices. They have extra boiled egg, extra pork rib slices, and something else I didn't quite get.  Taste: I got the Shoyu ramen (though I will be back to try Miso and Tonkatsu). The soup is  really good and less saltier than Ren's. The boiled egg is marinated and really tasty. Pork rib slices are just average however.  Price: The ramen start at $10, with $1 extra per topping (extra pork is $2.50). Their serving size is adequate and not quite as much as Ren's.	5.0
305	satsuma-bethesda	2010-11-07		The prices here are pretty good for the area.  The food? Not so much....  I'm biased from eating awesome ramen from NYC, but it just doesn't cut it here...  They also have lunch boxes and slightly expensive sushi here.... 	3.0
306	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-18		I've been here three times.  The first time we had some dish that was not memorable after they told us they ran out of Ramen during the lunch rush.  The second time we went, my wife and I got Ramen and sushi.  The total bill was $28 and the total experience was totally delicious.  We went back two days later and had Ramen again.  I've only had the Tonkatsu and she had the Miso both times.  I got it with the sliced pork on top for a hearty meal.  My wife's spoiled palette was introduced to restaurant style Ramen in San Francisco, and she approves.  If we're in the vicinity, that's where we're eating.  And it helps that it's right next to My Barber Shop so I can grab a bite if I'm waiting for a cut.  Check it out. 	4.0
307	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-18		This place had really yummy ramen!  They have 4 different kinds (3 hot, (Shoyu, Miso, Tonkatsu) and 1 cold (cold shoyu)) and offer slices of pork, marinated boiled eggs or sweet corn as $1 add-ons.  I had the miso ramen and loved it!  My friend had the Tonkatsu and also loved it.  The broths were rich and flavorful and there was a good noodle-to-broth ratio.  We also ordered a spicy tuna roll and a yellowtail and scallion roll (NOT necessary - the ramen is VERY filling).  The sushi at this place was just ok, nothing special.  The fish was overflowing out of a few of the rolls and a few other broke apart as soon as you touched them with your chopsticks.  We think they may not have used enough seaweed.  The fish tasted fresh, which is always a plus, but I've definitely had way better sushi.  Would definitely come back for the ramen! 	4.0
308	satsuma-bethesda	2010-07-16		YES!  I have FOUND my sushi place. [insert sigh of relief ... here.]  In the month of my wandering the restaurant-filled streets of Bethesda, I've tried not one, not two, not even three, but a multitude of Sushi spots near my office. Turns out, the best of the best is only a couple blocks away!  FRESH sushi, extremely tasty, super-speedy service, and the lunch box is huge! When I saw my sushi, and soup and then a mystery box underneath, I thought perhaps they gave me someone else's order. Nope! All (gluttony!) mine.   Okay, enough of the exclamation marks. Point is, get to it. Satsuma in Bethesda. Yesirree. 	5.0
309	satsuma-bethesda	2011-12-17		errgghhh, wavering between a 4 and a 5, but im feeling unusually nice today, so a 5 it is. maybe it's because they have black sesame seed ice cream. i can NEVER find black sesame seed ice cream around here, so this is an extra special treat.   we had the shoyu (soy sauce broth) and tonkotsu (pork broth) ramens, both with extra pork. both soups were complex-y delicious, and the noodle had a good texture going on. we also split a small unagi-don (eel over rice). the unagi was good, the rice was actually a little too al dente - i like my rice all glisten-y and soft looking like on the box of a zojirushi rice cooker. also had salmon skin hand rolls, also delicious. and of course, the black sesame seed ice cream. i looooove black sesame seed ice cream. they gave you a gigantor scoopful and it was so good, with the little bits of sesame seed.   hey, did i mention they have black sesame seed ice cream? 	5.0
310	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-05		I really like this place. It's pretty good if you want sushi, but (in my opinion) its shining star is the Ramen. I always get the pork broth. It's the perfect food for a rainy day, or any other time that you need comfort food. The noodles are the perfect texture, and the broth is the right level of salty and savory. Unfortunately, you can't order the ramen to-go (I think because it affects the noodles' texture somehow), but they will wrap it up for you after you've eaten a bit of it.  I would give this place 5 stars, but the service tends to be a little slow. Though to their credit, they seem to be generally understaffed. And it's not a big enough drawback to keep me from coming here all the time! 	4.0
311	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-20		1 star for service because it wasn't busy at all. There were only 4 other parties including ours and it was hard to get the attention of the 2 waiters that was available.  2 stars for the ramen, only the ramen. I haven't tried any other foods that they had available, and was only there for the ramen. (Once you've had ramen in Japan, you're ruined for life and no other place can replicate the taste you had in Japan....in this case, I am ruined!) I had the tonkatsu ramen and the meat in it was all fat...FAT! The broth was average and the noodles were okay. My roommate had the shoyu ramen and it was also average.  I was really disappointed with it because the reviews were raving about the ramen and it wasn't all that great.   Parking is metered so bring your coins. Also we went on a weekday for lunch so it wasn't crowded at all. 	3.0
312	satsuma-bethesda	2010-07-11		Definitely my favorite sushi place in the area~I like it better than Tako Grill, Murasaki, and Yosaku. I had the uni, hotate and mirugai....the uni was really good! It was fresh and the sashmi portions were really nice. They definitely give a good portion for the price. Living in the West Coast, I'm use to nice, thick cuts of sashimi...this place has it!   The hamachi kama was a little over grilled, but I was impressed by the freshness.  The atmosphere is really nice. It's quiet and sunny. I can't wait to try their yakiniku as I'm a big fan of gyu tan! Will update once I get to do so. Service is very attentive. The owners and staff are all Japanese and there were quite a few Japanese families and customers there. 	4.0
313	satsuma-bethesda	2012-04-11		Good authentic Japanese food. Ramen, udon, and sushi all good here. Just had some udon made of lite broth with a side of spinach and tempura. Their ramen is made with homemade broth from your choice of soy sauce, salt, pork. You should at least give this place a try. Located off the major areas of Bethesda. 	4.0
314	satsuma-bethesda	2011-08-20		Well the drive up to Bethesda for ramen was a total fail.  Satsuma ran out of ramen, which to me is like McDonalds running out of burgers.  I'm being generous giving it 3 stars, because maybe the ramen is what makes the place.  The service wasn't that great, and they gave me a fork with my meal. Oh sure, give the white man the fork, but not the Asians.  I'm actually awesome with chopsticks.   I could catch flies like Daniel-san on The Karate Kid. Sigh, the oppression of my people by the Japanese will never end.  Anyways, I settled for their grilled chicken and rice, which was just okay. 	3.0
315	satsuma-bethesda	2013-11-06		"This is a good, mostly authentic Japanese restaurant that is popular with Japanese expats. I say ""mostly authentic"" because the food and preparation methods are authentic, but the menu encompasses what would be six different restaurants in Japan. Therein is the rub. You need to know which of these varied cuisines they execute well and which are there solely for this restaurant to be all-things Japanese. The ramen that I had (miso ramen) would be average in Tokyo, but above-average here. The miso flavor was a little off, the pork a bit dry. The tempura is crispy and light. The sushi is surprisingly good for a restaurant not entirely sushi-centric. It's the second-best (to Tako Grill) sushi I've had in Bethesda. The bento lunches are very good value, and an excellent option on the weekends when Satsuma is less crowded. I have yet to try the soba or udon noodles, teppanyaki, or fresh tofu. The latter two are useful for measuring the quality of Japanese restaurants and my wife has promised we will try these are our next visit. I'll revise this review once I try those. The teppanyaki seems to be the specialty so I'm looking forward to that. For Those who appreciate authentic touches, note the manga available for reading. "	4.0
316	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-31		"Japanese Renaissance Cooking, or ""I Found a Unicorn in the Kitchen""  Satsuma, my last personal pick during the ""Blizzard of Late-2010"", although we dined tonily at revamped Sushi Taro just a few days before. Clearly this blew away expectations and one of us set to return for lunch the next day. My dining companions live in D.C., one grew up in Bethesda, lives and works a mere three blocks away, yet never heard of Satsuma; confounded to have it pointed out right under their noses by someone who lives 500 miles away.   The two restaurants are not comparable, Sushi Taro offers mid-range fine dining experience in chic Dupont Circle while Satsuma does casualized ""general"" Japanese cuisine in the burbs. In Japan of course, there really is no such thing as ""general"" cuisine, everything is specialized, down to restaurants that only serve Tempura or only Unagi for examples.   Satsuma is the best panoply Japanese restaurant I've seen, which is very unusual for reasons stated. Sushi is good generously cut fish, some aspects do set it apart, such as Fatty Salmon or Hamachi Belly, and a rice preparation which is notable for the grains being on the firm side, and packed tighter than many of today's ""fancy"" Sushi restaurants. If you have struggled with sushi rice falling apart in your soy sauce, you might have better luck here, although I recommend ""Eating Sushi The Right Way"" by Tatsu I. The chef-owner offers a modest Omakase for only 30 dollars, a bargain, but don't expect AYCE quantities.  Veering far off from seafood but only steps from the sushi bar, Satsuma offers six smokeless, cleverly ventilated Yakiniku BBQ tables, which are comfortably arranged about knee-height and almost has the feel of a semi-private Tatami room. It is still casual, but certainly charming enough for a night out. Cuts of Angus, Wagyu, Beef Tongue, and even a cheeky reference to Japanese-style breakfast links in Berkshire Pork Sausages are sure to please any meat lover. We chose Premium Angus Short Rib, most expensive at $12.95 or so. Our reserved server, one of two, brought us six beautifully cut sashimi-sized, well-marbled and perfectly salted pieces. I would of chosen skirt or beef tongue, but I'm vegetarian. However, I was told my grilling of the meat was surprisingly perfect. Perhaps former crack addicts make the best speedballs.   Knowing full well that this was going to be gourmand not gourmet, we started out with three apps and ended with two bowls of noodles, in addition. First up, Wakame Sunomono, a classic seaweed salad. Upon receiving on the table, we green-lighted hitting up the vast menu(s). Artfully presented, two colors of wakame, daikon threads and cucumbers, the vinegar seasoning had a unique signature to it. These are very subtle distinctions I make, that only come about from many cooking years of eating similar dishes. This may be very alien if you have only tried say, pre-packaged but still tasty sweetish fluorescent green seaweed salad from Chinese-run sushi places. Tsukune, chicken meatballs, and Gyoza, pork pan-fried dumplings, were not received with same exclaim as Sunomono but in-house made and sent from the kitchen executed well, with care given to presentation. This is better than many a self-trained Japanese home cook, and therefore, worth the money, good value in fact.   The Tempura Udon was interesting, we ordered the Tempura on the side. I am not terribly picky about Tempura, but it is true there are no Tempura restaurants in the U.S. It is too costly to be done right for westerners to date. Still, here's not-overly battered, slightly eggy but crisp Tempura sitting right in front of us. Surprising to say the least. The broth is not too salty, noodles not overcooked, a couple of pieces of stock Kameboko might bring it down for the most elite of eaters, but this is soup noodles not Soup du Poisson at Le Bernadin. Again, not quite Udon specialist level, again, no Udon-only shops in the U.S.  The real test came at the end, when I slipped in a order of Ramen very close to closing time. It was far better than it had to be to give this restaurant five yelp stars, better than any Ramen in Boston, and on par with the top-tier of NYC. For 10 dollars, better value than 16 bucks at NYC Ippudo. Even more surprising is that they offer all four main broths, Tonkotsu, Shio, Shoyu and Miso.  No sake list to speak of, simply hot or cold, but some wines and usual beers are on hand. Located on the far stretch of Norfolk, which may explain it's relative lack of buzz and credulous to lack-of-perspective reviews here. Satsuma is an excellent restaurant, a good place to learn various Japanese dishes, with room for growth and repeat visits. It's better than Bethesda deserves, worth the drive from D.C.. It may be hard to understand, but Satsuma is a rather distinct equation in Japanese dining, a good one.   I shot just about all of our ""having it all"" meal, you can re-visit at: <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2Fsatsuma_dc_pics_by_tatsu&amp;s=6c56e07bc34144c1d7ae9ba8eea228119bc25dc7e3f804f8b64ef2f958af6bc0"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">bit.ly/satsuma_dc_pics_b…</a> "	5.0
317	satsuma-bethesda	2010-11-09		3.5   Visited for the first time on a Sunday night. I have never ever saw/heard/met so many Japanese people in one day, and it all happened within the 2 hours in this restaurant. So, this has to be a pretty well-known spot for the Japanese people in the area.  Really, you see their domestic ambiance and traditional seats in the grill room, you can tell why so many Japanese customers came rushing in to this place.   Several quick points.  The Goods: 1) Awesome grill at a reasonable price. Love their pace and the fact that you can grill it all by yourself. So that you will be able to eat one piece at a time when it is fresh out of the grill, unlike some Korean BBQ which forces you to dig through a pile a meat after the waitress served it up.   2) Smokeless grill suck up the smoke before your clothes do.  Lovely.  3) Awesome meat quality. I order beef tongue and a rib in regular size, they were a real delight. The beef is superbly tasty. You know you are eating the taste of beef but not the sauce when you grill there. The tongues are very thinly sliced so it takes only a while to get it done, so don't throw a bunch in there or they will be overcooked easily.  4) Very good service. Everything went smoothly. Don't know about other times, but Sunday evening worked well.   The Bads: 1) Sushi not fresh enough. As much as I believe the way they make sushi is very authentically Japanese, the fishes are not as fresh as I could find elsewhere. The Salmon was an exception, but the rest tasted like it had been in the fridge for a day or two. But I do like the size of the rice and the fish were matched perfectly to any mouth. That's skill.   2) Sushi portion not proportional to the price. A bit expensive for the quality of their sushi. Well, if only the Sashimi are fresher than that, I wouldn't say so. 	4.0
318	satsuma-bethesda	2012-09-07		"I hate spending over $100 for a meal when the food is mediocre and the service is TERRIBLE.  We ordered ramen (tonkatsu), which was ok -- Ren's in Silver Spring is definitely better.  We also ordered edamame, nigiri (salmon, mackerel, white tuna) and three different rolls (avocado, eel + avocado, shrimp tempura).  Most of the sushi was ok.  Besides the mediocrity of the food,  what really bothered us was the terrible service.  Our waitress seemed ""in the weeds"" from the moment we arrived.  She only had four tables, but twice I got up to ask for things we needed and twice my husband got up to ask for things we needed.  For example, there were four people in our party and they only brought us two soy dishes, so we had to get up and ask for extra soy dishes, because our waitress stopped by our table once every fifteen minutes at most.  They have no computer system, so at the end of the experience they add up each item ordered by hand (think old fashioned- diner).  We questioned our bill, because there was no an itemized list of food purchased (again - we got up from our table and went to the front and stood with the server and owner while they added up the total) and we ended up with a bill that was quite different from the original bill.  When my husband and I told the manager we had had terrible service and a most disappointing Friday night dining out experience, he casually offered to give us ""free dessert"" next time we came into the restaurant.  We assured him we wouldn't return.   Don't waster your money here.  If it's sushi you want, there are other choices.  If it's ramen, there are other choices. "	1.0
319	satsuma-bethesda	2011-11-27		While I have never tried their Ramen, which people seem hyped about, the sushi is definitely legit.  It's packed with fresh tasting seafood (overflowing really) and doesn't let you down.  Plus there's a good variety.  I recommend the spicy scallop roll--literally the most ample portion of scallop I have ever seen in a scallop roll!  And the prices?  All reasonable for the area. 	3.0
320	satsuma-bethesda	2010-02-03		"Dinner at Satsuma is very peaceful.  A wonderful authentic menu.  It feels like a small restaurant in Tokyo.  Japanese menu items such as eel donburi (on one night the sauce was too sweet, however) and yosenabe. Unfortunately, one evening the fruit that accompanied the tempura ice cream tasted so old I had to spit it out into a napkin.  Nevertheless, Satsuma's Japanese cuisine is a welcome change from the sickening fusion restaurants that scar our landscape.  Relaxing music with kotos and shakuhachis are companions during your visit.  Friendly attentive staff.  My hot tea was refilled every time it became empty.    If you are tired of Japanese ""theme"" restaurants where the customers' greatest adventures are California rolls, visit Satsuma, where you can experience the genuine flavors of Japan.  There is a reason many of the customers are Japanese. "	4.0
321	satsuma-bethesda	2008-12-01		I prefer this Japanese restaurant over some of the other Japanese restaurants in Bethesda - Doraku, Raku, Matuba - because there are no gimmicks here. They're not trying to win your affection with conveyer belts, huge chopstick displays on the wall or trendy décor. They seem to focus on the more important things and doing it right: FOOD.   We ordered some nigiri - white tuna and yellowtail (my favorites!) - and they were fresh, tasty and the cut of fish was just the right size. Our spicy scallop roll had a great texture and taste. Yum! We also ordered the cold soba noodles and we ate that Morimoto-style - by chopsticking them up and dipping it into the soy sauce mixture. Excellent.   We asked our first server for something authentic, since we'd heard so much about how authentic this place was. She pointed to some very typical things like dumplings and tempura. When she saw that we were for real for real, she went back behind the counter and talked with some of the other servers. I noticed that they were speaking in English, so our first server must not have been Japanese. Another server came to take our order and we asked for her recommendations. This is when it got fun. After a few suggestions, we ended up going with the grilled squid appetizer. This ended up being alright, but for only $5, it wasn't too big of a loss.  I'm really excited to come back for more sushi and to try some of the other small plates. I vouch for the other reviewers' claims that Satsuma is rather authentic! 	4.0
322	satsuma-bethesda	2008-11-23		"(If it this place was in NYC or Hawaii I would rate it as 3 but because the quality/ authenticity of Japanese food is lower in this area I give this place a 4. This is on the dinner menu, the lunch menu is too limited in my opinion.)  Anyways, my bf ad I came here on Saturday night around 6:30, the place the empty but as soon as our first round of orders was in, three groups of Japanese nationals came in. A very good sign.   The food: Portions are smaller than what most people are use to in this area, but remember Japanese people for the most part are small people = small stomachs = small appetite= small dishes.   There are three ways in my opinion to order food at an establishment like this 1. You can be greedy and just get a set combination or entrée (which has more food for the buck) for yourself  2. Share and order different small dishes slowly, till you get full  3. A combination of 1 and 2  My bf and I decided on #2. We ended up ordering a good portion of the menu.  The sushi:  -The freshest I've had in the DC area  -Good size portions of fish, none of that paper thin stuff -The tamago (egg) was sweet but not too overwhelmingly sweet  The Regulars:   -Maguro Yamakake- raw tuna with grated mountain yam- this simple dish was one of my favorites growing up, and they do a very good job serving it. They use the sashimi grade fish for this.  I do have to warn you for those who have never tried mountain yam....it has a slimy consistency. So if you don't like slimy foods AVOID IT.   -Agedashi Tofu- deep fried tofu with broth- I was happy to see that they used the right kind of tofu. Places that I've gone around here have this nasty really hard generic tofu. Satsuma on the other hand uses the firm but smooth tofu that I like.  -Croquette- deep fried breaded mash potato with carrots, corn, and peas with tonkatsu sauce- average regular ""Japan-fried"" croquette   The Yakiniku (BBQ):  It's not as great as Korean Yakiniku but it's nice to have to accompany the other dishes.   -Harami prime- Outside skirt steak- In my opinion the best out of the four choices of meat- very juicy and tender  -Karubi-short ribs- not as good as the Korean galbi I had in Annandale.   The drinks:  Not too much selection they only have one type of sake, red and white wine. For beers they have are Asahi, Kirin, and Sapporo.   The service:   Although, the servers were not Japanese they were very well trained to handle Japanese customers. One thing to note from experience is that Japanese customers (a big majority of them) are very demanding, impatient, and rude.  Most dishes come out fast, my tea was always filled, and my eating plate was changed regularly.  I was surprised to hear ""arigato gozaimasu"" (thank you very much) from the manager, and a chef in the back after me saying ""gochisousama deshita"" (roughly translated-thank you for the treat) something I haven't heard much of in the DC area.    The atmosphere:  There are three seating areas: 1. The sushi bar 2. For those who want to cook yakiniku (no shoes area) 3. For those who are not cooking yakiniku at all  The place is very simple Japanese setting. Cyrus H. did a great job describing the place. Oh but they really need to change the music. It's like the cute bell sounds you hear in Disney's ""it's a small world"" ride.   I like to note that they brought in the gas yakiniku has a vent inside the grill instead of the ones you see typically which is above where a person eats.  Making it a little harder to leave with that strong odor of bbq meat.   In all think I will be coming here a lot when I need some comfort food. Since this place is new, I hope through all the months and years they are open they never lower their standards. "	4.0
323	satsuma-bethesda	2011-12-26		Loved the interior.  Food was very meh.  Bethesda is a tough sushi town; I doubt I'll be back. 	2.0
324	satsuma-bethesda	2011-12-30		Good sushi, BBQ angus, ramen noodles. Sit in the BBQ section for authentic Japanese meal experience. 	4.0
325	satsuma-bethesda	2010-11-18		Authentic Japanese cuisine rocks!  This place hasna very cozy feel with a good Japanese decor.  I was just a tad disappointed that all the Ramen selections had pork.  The sushi was damn tasty though.  I liked the vibe and I will return for the other items I could not sample for lunch.  Update to follow. 	4.0
326	satsuma-bethesda	2008-12-04		Working near Bethesda for over 8 years, I've pretty much exhausted the lunchtime dining scene, so I was happy to see people Yelping about Satsuma. A co-worker and I hit it for lunch. The menu is small. We ended up ordering three rolls and one selection of sashimi. The spicy tuna roll was, by far, the best of what we selected. The spicy mayo on top had a nice punch, but we both agreed that the tuna would even do well without it. My friend even noted that it'd been a long time since she'd found a spicy tuna roll as good as what she remembered enjoying in New York.  The shrimp tempura, the tomaga (omelette) and the avocado rolls all were nicely presented and tasty.   The only downside was that my friend's miso soup spoon had a bit of lipstick on it, but the waitress scurried to bring both a new bowl of soup and spoon when she pointed this out. Since I know what a b!tch getting lipstick off of water glasses is (from my own food service days), I can forgive this. I certainly will be back to try more, hopefully, the barbeque. 	4.0
327	satsuma-bethesda	2011-10-26		I've only tried the sushi, but it's awesome.  Skip the dining room, grab yourself a seat at the back bar, order the cheap bottle of sake and your favorite roll and enjoy. 	5.0
328	satsuma-bethesda	2011-03-05		goood gyu tan, harubi (japanese bbq) decent sushi rolls donkatsu is also tasty get the red bean ice cream for dessert slow service 	3.0
329	satsuma-bethesda	2009-05-11		Ok went back again....had dinner with a couple who live in potomac and have had their share of the entire metro area Japanese food.  I actually ordered less and as I had said before the food is great but I noticed that they had changed the cut of their meats.  The tongue was in cubes right now which was good for me but I noticed that the couple that had shared in the meal did not gravitate towards the cubed tongue?    BUT....the kalbi was great.  I am Korean and have seen so many different tyes of meat and intramuscular marbling.  I have to say that once you get your meat it is pretty 1/4 inch slices of rib meat that is so fatty that it looks like your top shelf toro.  This was the apex of the entre meal.  If you like you meat medium rare then this will be a treat.  Even if you grill it to a medium well or even well I can tell you it will be as tender as if you get it medium rare or rare.  You have to ask for the top end meat though...a little pricey for 7 oz at 20 dollars a pop but still a great meal.  I finished the meal with some soba which is pretty status quo but it was a pain asking for all the extra condiments....i.e. grated daikon and quail eggs.    For a second time going back I have to say the previous review remains the same but....there are more additions to the menu and all in all kinda confusing.  I gotta say though the more that I see the menu it seems like the chef had a brief romp in some korean kitchen.  I enjoyed and would go back anytime.  As I said Satsuma is a great place for the first time bbq grill as you go but needs a little beta when it comes to the menu from the waitress/waiter.  Btw the owners are very helpful but still kinda give you the eye when you are bordering the close time, but I am always kinda senstive to that considering that I always make sure to compensate the server and make sure that I order as much as I can to sample everything that I can.  Again a definite place to check out and enjoy. 	4.0
330	satsuma-bethesda	2011-09-25		The food was meh.  I had high expectations for Satsuma and was left disappointed with the meal.  The ramen broth tasted as if they poured it straight out the can. 	2.0
331	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-15		Considering I just tried another ramen place which wasn't very good - I have to comment that I would definitely come back to Satsuma for the ramen!    agree that the first time i came, the service was very very slow. 	4.0
332	satsuma-bethesda	2011-11-22		i am surprised people still do not know about this place. not only is the sushi fabulous, but they have all sorts of different kinds of food, from korean barbecue to ramen noodles. it's a place where you can be a little adventurous yet know anyone in your party can find something to eat on the menu, at the same time.   the sushi is fresh, delicious and there is lots to choose from! the tofu pot, soup thing (forgot what its called) is also delicious (i promise! even tho i forget what its called) and very healthy! yet the best part about this place (besides the tempura ice cream and red bean, fish shaped cake for dessert) is the bbq table! to get these tables it is best to make a reservation to guarantee your group gets one. it is so much fun to go with a few people and bbq all different meats and veggies while drinking tea and dining on other delectable courses offered. for you beef eaters the bbq beef is amazing! also if you get veggies to bbq along with the beef that in itself is a great meal to share with some rice, and fun!  there are so many things to taste here, you can get something different every time! i have been disappointed by a few of their dishes, nothing bad enough to even remember what they were; overall its a great place! i love coming here! 	4.0
333	satsuma-bethesda	2009-08-20		There is a sizable Japanese population in Bethesda, so there are many Japanese restaurant options.  Satsuma is the best at what they focus on:  yakiniku.  Yakiniku is Japanese barbecue, where you grill your own veggies and thin slices of meat.  In the middle of the tables in the Japanesey section (where you should take off your shoes), there is a gas-heated grill.  Sizzle your own beef or pork as long as you want, dip it in the sauce, and hold your rice bowl under it as you enjoy the savory stuff.    I went at lunch, and I and my companion both had the yaki-shabu special.  All their lunch specials come with miso soup and salad--not the Americanized green salad with that gross ginger dressing, but instead the salad is half mung bean sprouts (moyashi) in a peanut-sesame dressing and half is carrots marinated in another dressing.  The salad was refreshing, but the miso soup is standard fare you'd find in any Japanese restaurant over here.  The main course came with a shabu-shabu sauce, which was delicious:  sweet, a little rich, and perfect for the meat, onion, and mushroom.  The cabbage and red pepper went well with the vinegary sauce that they normally give you with any special.    The service was great, although a sparsely-attended lunch wasn't a real test of attentiveness.  They were sweet, though.  The restaurant's look is perfect; the western side has just enough Japaneseness, and the Japanese side is straightforward and hits the right notes.  The only jarring aspect of the atmosphere was the music:  while it was very Japanese, you might say that kabuki music wasn't quite the perfect accompaniment to the meal.    I got a look at their tonkatsu (pork cutlet, lightly fried, with a special sauce), and it looked spectacular.  Other diners had sushi temaki rolls (hand rolls, the conical kind) which looked tempting, but I wouldn't bet on Satsuma's sushi being excellent.    Go for the yakiniku.  It's best with a bunch of people, so you're fighting over the grill.  It's a fun way to spend a lunch, but I'm not sure I'd love to pay the dinner prices. 	4.0
334	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-11		From the outside, it didn't look too appealing. Inside looks a lot better! Came in around 1:30pm on a Saturday and did not have to wait for a seat.  Japanese bbq was DELICIOUS!  Went for lunch and our food came with salad, some pickled(?) veggie sides, and sauce for our meat. They did not have garlic rice but they did have seaweed salad!   Meat came with one spear of asparagus, a slice of onion, and a slice of carrot. We ordered the garlic steak and chicken and the other beef...thin slices of beef. I forget what sauce it had. Apparently the meat do not come with mushrooms on the lunch menu but I think the waitress said it was only available for dinner. She had an accent  and talked sorta fast. It was kinda difficult to understand her.   I thought we would have to sit indian style with our shoes off. But no, one side of the table had chairs and the other was like a bench with a pillow on it.   Totally fulfilled my Gyu-kaku craving! I left full and the bill was about $40 for two people.  Hubby enjoyed the meat very much. 	5.0
335	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-03		Sushi/sashimi combo platter was passable.  They didn't have the croissant pudding, which was disappointing because my friend really wanted to try it. 	3.0
336	satsuma-bethesda	2011-08-28		Love love loved the edamame, pork gyoza, nasu gengaku, tuna sashimi, and yakitori.  I also quite liked my ramen, but the other things had been so flavorful that it was a bit of an anticlimax.  Lovely place, pleasant waitstaff, FUN bathroom (very Japanese toilet, from what I understand!).  I wish I had sat in the back room with the more traditional table setup. 	4.0
337	satsuma-bethesda	2011-02-08		I've only had Satsuma for lunch, but its simple yet tasty fare has kept me coming back again and again. Good bento boxes and even better ramen noodle, 3 kinds Shoyu, Shio and Tonkatsu, provides a good selection. Plus you can add additional meat if you are more inclined towards protein. The only downside is they are slower than I would expect for serving the lunch crowd. 	3.0
338	satsuma-bethesda	2011-06-11		This restaurant is superb! The sushi rolls are fresh and exquisite! But to my dismay the beef tongue soup was extraordinary! I definitely recommend it. The price is very affordable! Will definitely be coming back with a larger group! 	5.0
339	satsuma-bethesda	2012-10-06		The best sushi restaurant in Bethesda.  The food is fresh and reasonably priced. 	5.0
340	satsuma-bethesda	2010-08-22		Went back on Thursday, when they usually receive a new batch of fish.  Chu-Toro was very fine (though they were out of Oo-toro) and  Uni was again absolutely orgasmic.  Asked the waitress to doggie bag 1/3 of the last Uni piece and saved it for the next day! 	5.0
341	satsuma-bethesda	2011-04-05		I love this place, near where I work and a lot of choices~ Sushi, Noodles, BBQ, normal lunch boxes.... BBQ is five star! 	4.0
342	satsuma-bethesda	2012-05-08		Came here for some oyakudon cravings &amp; it was successful. Overall, food was good. Service was alright. 	4.0
343	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-01		I was here for the first time, ordered grill beef tongue, tuna salad, wasabi roll, sashimi deluxe and Ankimo ( monk fish liver ) I ate them all ;)  Service was good ;) nice little place in Bethesda. 	5.0
344	satsuma-bethesda	2010-10-11		This is one of my favorite sushi places. Service is always friendly, and the sushi is always good.   I am not enough of a connoisseur to know what truly makes good sushi, but they are always great. The salmon is tender and fresh. The tuna can be a little flavorless, but it varies from day to day. The cuts are generous, especially for Bethesda, and artfully displaced. Very tasty stuff.  While it doesn't bowl you over, it is always good. Definitely a great place for dinner for two. I will be back here again! 	4.0
345	satsuma-bethesda	2009-3-5		Well first of all the seating is great and very different.  Western style seating on the right and the original tatami style seating on the left.   The food is very small in proportion to other bbq restaurants, it may seem small but with the multitude of appetizers and entrees available you kinda get the idea that you can eat more than just bbq.  The tongue is phenom you have to have this chewy delighful cut that most really think is repulsive or strange but it has this intramuscular marbling that you just can't get on any other cut.  The appetizers were great the chawan-mushi was different a little thin lighter than most others and the custard was still great with soy beans pieces of chicken and shrimp as well.  The appetizer calamari was also stellar with their citrusy japanese tartar sauce.    Overall the service was great the food took a little while but if you have the time to invest in a new type of yakinikku then this is the place.  Enjoy	4.0
346	satsuma-bethesda	2010-8-13		Went here today.  I liked the decor.  It has the feel of a real Japanese place.  Hearing the waitress talking with the chef in japanese is always a good sign of a sushi place.  I had Gyu-tan (cow's tongue) BBQ for appertizer and even though it was good, being an avid Yakiniku fan, I think that maybe they should have sliced them thinner for more tender texture.  Still good but I could see people who had their teeth straightened up or are just old having trouble eating them.  Then I ordered 2 pieces of each of the Uni, Ikura, and Amaebi.  All were good but Uni really shined here.  Amazing texture and a hint of sweetness that is a indication of freshness.  This was as good as it gets.  I'm the kind of guy who'd have Uni for his last meal, so my standards for Uni are VERY high.  This is def the highlight of the meal.  2 pieces were way too few for me.   The Omakase Sushi was not really the low point of the meal, but for $30 and especially having expectation built up from the previous 2 dishes, I feel that a little different selection of fish might freshen up things a whole lot more.  The fish pieces were fresh.  Hotategai was huuuge.  More basic fish like tuna, salmon, Ika, masago were pretty generous with their thick cut  Unagi was very good despite being a bit overpowered with sugar, but still a class above the Chinese one you can find.  I really don't know how the Japanese stifle the fishy-ness in eels.  But again, that Uni was....	5.0
347	satsuma-bethesda	2009-07-06		"The last time I had yakiniku (eta: ""yakiniku"" means ""to cook"" (yaki) ""meat"" (niku) - so the term refers to cooking meat on a very hot surface on the table where you are sitting to enjoy the food.) was in Japan, about six years ago, so to say that I was excited was an understatement.  I went alone after having a terrible sushi experience earlier that day, and I felt the need to ""make it right"", so I decided to try this place after doing a little research on the web.  Forgive me for not remembering exactly what I ordered, but the nice waitress brought me a place of very nice meat that looked really fresh and perfectly marbled.  There were some sliced onions and zucchini as well as some dipping sauces, a bowl of white steamed rice, and miso shiru.  The friendly staff offered to help me along, but really, all you do is cook! The beef was so tender and I cooked it medium rare, and it was absolutely delicious.  I can't wait to go back to this place with some friends.  I'd also love to try the sushi next as well.  The only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I only tried one thing on the menu. "	4.0
348	satsuma-bethesda	2010-09-13		This evening, I had the exquisite pleasure of dining at Stasuma in Bethesda.  For my hard-earned twenty dollars, I enjoyed a flavorsome beef tongue dish and age-tofu, both of which were well worth the trip out of my house.  Satsuma's tonkatsu ramen and salad are also authentic, and quite delicious besides.  The atmosphere can only be described as supremely relaxing, with friendly, unobtrusive waitstaff and a fantastically soothing selection of music.  There is no doubt that I will return to this establishment in the future.  Class AAA environment to be sure 	4.0
349	satsuma-bethesda	2010-01-13		This place is a must if you like sushi!  It's clean, the people are very friendly and the food is wonderful!  I enjoy it every time I'm in town! 	4.0
350	satsuma-bethesda	2009-02-09		This place is fantastic.  I've been to Satsuma about 10 times since the beginning of 2009 and each visit has been lovely.  The sushi and other food has been fresh, artfully prepared and delicious.  The sushi portions are very generous; I don't think I've seen larger pieces of sashimi anywhere.  The menu has Japanese restaurant standards as well as cuts of fish I have not seen on other menus.    The non-sushi portions of the menu are extensive as well with vegetarian offerings that could satisfy the most restricted of diets.  The seats in the barbecue area are the best as it allows for patrons to sample the excellent meats that Satsuma has to offer.   In my 10+ visits I have never experienced the complaints of the other posters as the wait staff has always been courteous and attentive and the food excellent. 	5.0
351	satsuma-bethesda	2010-12-16		ramen was on point, very tasty and very good quality noodles!  I'm glad I found a replacement ramen place after ren's ramen closed down.  Definitely be going back for ramen and maybe try the japanese bbq as well! 	5.0
352	satsuma-bethesda	2011-01-09		We are from Southern California....and this is the best Japanese we have found in Metro DC.  What is amazing is that they have great ramen and great sushi....usually it is one or the other.  In fact, the entire menu is amazing.  It is also very kid friendly...and in a nice area.  Are you look for a place to go tonight....you can't go wrong with Satsuma! 	5.0
353	satsuma-bethesda	2011-03-26		I have to say that I used to love this place because the ramen was better than the one in downtown Bethesda. However, each time I go, I feel the service has not been improved.  I waited for almost an hour for the food (They are not so busy on a Saturday evening.) and when my food came, it was not what I ordered.  Since I didn't want to wait for another hour, I just eat what they gave me.  They didn't give me the miso soup that was supposed to come with the entree.  This had happened to my friend the other time during a not so busy Saturday afternoon.  They are so slow in refilling the hot tea.  I asked if they can just leave a pot on the table for us (six people) and the waitress said they only have two tea pots in the store.  Does that make sense at all? The shrimp vegetable tempura donburi they gave me didn't worth the price at all.  It had 3 shrimp tempura (small shrimps), 1 squash slice, and 1 sweet potato slice with lots of rice (I mean 2/3 of the bowl with rice)!  I am not going back to this place again. 	1.0
354	satsuma-bethesda	2010-06-27		Freshest sushi/sahimi in the whole DC area. In addition, frequently have 'special' seafood such as live scallops, fatty yellowtail, giant clams and melt-in-your-mouth toro (fatty tuna). Also, it has a barbecue section with excellent Hirame and Berkshire pork. 	5.0
355	satsuma-bethesda	2010-01-30		I'm not qualified to judge this place as to how it measures of Japanese-food wise - it seems to be hard-core Japanese, and I mostly like the more mainstream stuff (tempura, steak houses, sushi/sashimi, etc.). I can only say whether I liked it or not, and I didn't. I had the sashimi appetizer, and compared to other places in the area it just didn't have much taste. I then had the unagi bibimbap, and it was sadly nothing like Korean. It was so SWEET. I really hate have sweet DINNER. The eel was very fresh and tender, but it must have had a ton of that sweet glaze on it. The red pepper sauce was sweet. The vegetables were fresh but some had a taste that I imagine was very Japanese but again, not anything I liked. My husband had sushi, which he too thought didn't have much taste, and then the Kalbi beef. It was 5 small pieces for $13 - yikes. When it came out it appeared to be 3/4 fat, and when he cooked it it tasted like, well, grilled fat. Yuk. So it might be great Japanese food; I couldn't say. I can only say that we really didn't like it, and won't be going back. P.S. The people were all very nice. 	2.0
356	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-08-12		Ate here twice and the Hamachi just melts in my mouth each time. All the rolls I've had have been great. I love the spicy scallop roll preferably without the crunch because the last time I had it with the crunch it was kind of stale. I tried their miso soup today and it was lacking in flavor. The gyoza was a bit.. different but still good. Staff was attentive and overall great.   They deliver within a 3 mile radius and also have free wi-fi when dining in.   Likes: -Hamachi -Spicy scallop roll without the crunch -Spicy tuna roll -Red dragon -Free Wi-Fi  So-so: Gyoza  Dislike: -Miso Soup 	4.0
357	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-11-10		I picked up dinner here for a carryout order. I had the miso soup, spicy tuna roll &amp; the rainbow roll. The sushi was fresh and the prices were good. I was able to get my meal for about $20, which is a great deal to me.  I'll definitely go here again. 	3.0
358	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-09-29		Not my favorite sushi restaurant but edible. It's at a great location; although you will have to pay for paying but that's Bethesda for you. Downside is that it's a small restaurant and there is not a lot of seating.   As far as the food, everything was pretty good and for a great price. I tried the Philadelphia roll, it was pretty stand but I will say that I am very particular with my salmon. If it says a fish odor I will not eat it. But that wasn't the case here. The salmon sashimi was very creamy and buttery tasting. The udon noodle were completely over cooked and mushy but the broth was good. The katsu was really good, very flaky and crispy, however the sauce was interesting. First off they give you two sauces, spicy mayo and the standard katsu brown sauce. In my opinion spicy mayo is odd to serve with katsu and the katsu sauce tasted a little off, kind of a metallic taste as if they watered down the sauce with soy sauce. It wasn't the right consistency either, it was very watery. But the whole katsu dish was only $12! If you go anywhere else it would probably cost $20.   On the other hand, service was not very good. I asked the lady three times for additional saki cups. I tried flagging her down a couple times and she either close to ignore me or just didn't hear me. The server never came back to check up on us.   Overall, the restaurant was okay, nothing special. I would go back if someone else wanted to go but it wouldn't be my first choice. 	3.0
359	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-08-08		Not overly impressed. I went on a Sunday evening and I was the only person in the place.  It did seem like they were processing a lot of take-out/delivery orders though.   My sushi didn't seem all that fresh. The tuna was pink at best (I prefer it to be almost red) and the yellow tail was 'chewy'.    The prices weren't bad (I had three rolls and soup for $25), but if your sushi isn't so fresh I would hope the prices wouldn't be high.   I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.   PS- the front door was not accessible. You had to enter through the back door where the kitchen entrance is. Which is weird! 	2.0
360	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-09-27		It's an average Japanese restaurant. The sushi is fine but you can find higher quality sushi downtown. The prices are reasonable. It's a small restaurant so it can get very crowded. They are pretty fast with their orders which makes it a great place for a quick lunch. 	3.0
361	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-04-22		Good food, great prices, fast service. Great for takeout!  Here's what we loved: - shrimp nigiri - shrimp &amp; avocado roll - hawaii roll (mango + avocado!) - philly roll - sashimi platter  Good, but probably wouldn't order it again: - teriyaki chicken fried rice  They also do delivery within a couple miles. 	4.0
362	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-09-16		Came here for lunch and it's a great example where its outstanding location overcomes its mediocre food.  Located in walking distance to DoubleTree and a few other hotels, Maki Maki has an inviting atmosphere with several tables and a sushi bar.  Lunch special prices are reasonable, and the service is average.  When it comes to taste however, the broiled eel is the same you get from Japanese grocery stores, and the teriyaki salmon sauce had a bland taste to it.  However they do give you sufficient portion to be full, and in combination of its easily walk-able to nearby hotels, it's not bad.  I'd consider coming back if I'm attending a conference nearby, however it's not something you'd drive for, or write home about. 	3.0
363	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-11-18		I order from here about a few times a month. Small selection of fish, but the fish is fresh and portions are generous. 	4.0
364	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-12-22		Local sushi parlor that has great food. Variety of fresh offerings and modest selection of libations to rinse those salty delights down the hatch. Lunch time specials are quite popular here too. Enjoy! 	4.0
365	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-01-09		Friendly, fast service: 1 star Small and intimate place: 1 star Delicious, fresh sushi: 1 star Rasonable prices: 1 star Walking distance to my apartment: 1 star 	5.0
366	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-10-01		I eat here at least once a week.  I love their lunch specials. They are so worth the price. Everyone is so nice and quick. 	5.0
367	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-09-09		Delightful. Freshest tuna sashimi, a delicious seaweed salad (generous portion) and a crispy salmon skin hand roll. Thoughtful, attentive service. Yep, I will be back next time in Bethesda 	5.0
368	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-06-13		I'm from Hawaii, where sushi is BIG. I'm stationed at Walter Reed and I needed to find a place that fills my craving for sushi and I can say it did more than that! They have the best Dynamic Maki (my recommendation) and I love all the rolls with spicy tuna. It's so fresh and it reminds me at home. Definitely worth going to all the time. I got my colleagues into Maki Maki too! Stop in, you won't regret it. 	5.0
369	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-02-19		We took my daughter away from Walter Reed National Medical Center for lunch with us and her son who we've been babysitting while she was in Afghanistan. For anyone who works either at NIH or the military medical center or ambulatory patients in the wounded warrior unit at Bethesda, Maki Maki is extremely convenient 5-10 minute walk and there is a municipal parking lot right across the street which is free on weekends.   The sushi and bento boxes were really really good, and the presentations absolutely beautiful (see photos). We picked sushi because my 4y/o grandson asked to try it for lunch. And you can see in the photos he used chopsticks just like us.   Our waiter was friendly and funny... No hilarious is a better word! He provided quick friendly service, and explained the menu.   The food was delightfully delicious.  I love hot tea at Chinese restaurants do I thought why not with Japanese sushi house too, but the green tea had a seaweed taste that I'm not accustomed to. So I don't think I would order the tea again even though it seemed very popular with the other patrons. They even have lunch specials on the weekends which is usually unheard of at Chinese restaurants.   This is definitely a place I would frequent if I lived nearby. If time allows the next time I'm at the military medical center I will stop for lunch. 	4.0
370	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-08-01		My go-to Sushi place in Bethesda and I'm a sushi snob. Yes, it's casual and without frills, but the sushi is fresh, well prepped and presented and very reasonably priced. The chefs will make whatever you ask for, I really like shrimp, avocado,and mango maki. The specials are inventive and when I do get delivery it has been quick! My only complaint is the lack of ice tea other than the nasty stuff in a can. 	4.0
371	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-08-22		The only reason why this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the door is kind of hidden had to look for opening and the size of the restaurant is so small had to sit at the sushi bar with my dad. The service was great the sushi is immaculate. I ordered the maki Fuji roll and the Dynamic roll which really fits cause the roll was amazing. Shrimp tempura and avocado on the inside topped with spicy Tuna. Yum yum. I definitely recommend this place 	4.0
372	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-03-03		The price is right and the sushi is good.  The locations convenient to both home and work so I continue to patronize.  I dislike that we ordered delivery from our office building just down the street and then the delivery guy actually told one of us that our tip was not enough and demanded more.  In their defense, the person picking up the food from our office was accidentally under-tipping by about $3 IMO, but the delivery person demanded a 10-20% tip.  10-20% is what I would tip for dining in.  We got delivery, and I don't believe the same tipping % is customary.  I would say 5-10% is standard for delivery, and depends on the quantity and distance.  Asking for a tip even if our party was incorrect, just seems inappropriate, especially when the difference between what he tried to give and what he should have given was only $3.  I didn't find my two sushi rolls ordered today to be as cold as I would prefer my sushi to be, and with it being around 30 degrees outside, it seems particularly odd that it should have only gotten colder on the walk from restaurant to here. 	3.0
373	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-10-05		I was pleasantly surprised by this place -- it's pretty decent for the DC area.  We were also pleased that there was a public parking lot right next to the restaurant.  My husband and I came at 5pm on a Sunday, and the place was not full, but not empty either (surprising for that time of day).  Our waiter was attentive and our food came pretty quickly.  The food was pretty fresh, and I liked every roll I ordered.  The rolls did not have too much sauce.  And I was very pleased at the end to discover that we were stuffed on sushi for $33.  Would I come back?  If I have the unfortunate need to cross the American Legion Bridge, definitely, yes, I would come back. 	4.0
374	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-07-18		Great spot for lunch! My son ordered the sesame chicken box. Lots of food. He thought the chicken was tasty. The salad with the box was very fresh. I ordered two sushi rolls for $7.95. Great prices, quality and quantity! 	3.0
375	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-08-14		My Mobile Jingle  This is a Review on Mobile, on my Mobile App! I'm eating lots of food and doing lots of reviews! If my friends could see me now! I'm posting a review on MOBILE wow! -then there's like 10 minutes of tap dancing -singing in the rain style - ill have to show you later   ------ I'm someone who prides themselves on experiencing new cuisine, and adventuring to find new restaurants.    When I think of Sushi, I think of Sushi House in Rockville.  I know you all just had a ... HUH?! moment.  I thought he was talking about Maki Maki.  This is a review of Maki Maki afterall.  EXCUSE ME SIR ! SIR ! You're reviewing the wrong restaurant.   Wait one second- just hear me out.   So, when I think of sushi I think of Sushi House in Rockville.  Their delicious fresh, large rolls, with the shredded fake crab, just the perfect amount of mayonnaise mixed in.  The people are always friendly.  Definitely a 5 star sort of place for me.  I would even say- a family institution for the B. gang.  But I live in Bethesda, so when I want sushi... which is pretty much always- it's annoying to drive all the way up to Rockville.  So, I started going to Maki Maki.  Inherently, I was like - THIS IS NOT SUSHI HOUSE- MEH !  But, once my brain gave it a chance - I was like - this is damn well near Sushi House and maybe even... on par? GASP!  I'm a California Roll sort of guy.  Even so much so that I can make my own California rolls.  But, since I don't have 2 hours to make dinner each night ( THAT RICE TAKES SO LONG!) , I dipset- and I'm off to Maki Maki.  They even have something that Sushi House doesn't- wasabi shu mai.  Delicious shumai in a fried outer deliciousness with a spicy dipping sauce.  HELLLOOOO are those good! If I had to put one on top of the other- I would still put Sushi House on top- but that's because of a weird undying loyalty to them.  Maki Maki is very GOOD! Especially compared to the options in the area! 	4.0
376	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-10-20		Great sushi (spicy tuna &amp; crunchy shrimp), nice big windows to watch the Bethesda nightlife. Cozy tables for quiet conversations.  The food was delivered to our table quickly, but the waiter didn't write down our orders &amp; forgot one roll. They were out of Plum wine (how does that happen at a sushi place?) And they were out of regular ice cream.   We were also served in a strange way; I received my rolls, we both received our miso soups, then my friend got her sushi. I waited until she got her food to begin eating.  The fish was fresh, the cups used for water were colorful &amp; fun, the lighting was bright &amp; lively and the server was friendly. I give them a C+. 	3.0
377	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-05-19		Very good shushi! Mostly sushi and sashimi, don't expect any other Japanese items like hamachi kama, yakitori, tempura, sukiyaki, ramen, teriyaki... But the fish is very fresh. 	5.0
378	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-05-30		I came to maki maki twice but won't be returning any time soon. On my first visit, I had simple rolls and couple appetizers to share. They were pretty fresh and the price was good for being in bethesda. The second visit, I ordered my all-time favorite dish, chirashi. I was a bit skeptical since it seemed too cheap, and I should've followed my gut instincts about ordering chirashi here. The fish were awfully cut and the rice wasn't seasoned at all. The dish was small and was not what I expected! I don't think the sushi chefs here really know much about the authentic sushi and Japanese cuisine. 	2.0
379	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-09-04		I don't know about their other food but the sushi was abysmal. I should have known from the cheap prices none of the fish could be fresh. However the service was good, perhaps if you order something other than fish it is worth it. 	1.0
380	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-12-22		Maki Maki is a charming little sushi restaurant in Bethesda. The sushi is pretty standard and the tempura is pretty awesome. The California rolls are pretty large. They use a crumbled crab stick. I think the good old obvious crab sticks are a little bit better for a California roll.   I have to say that Maki Maki isn't my favorite in the area. It is hard to top Yuzu. 	4.0
381	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-04-21		Service is the only reason that I'm giving this more than one star. I ordered delivery and my delivery was prompt, with both the woman who took my order and the man who delivered it being friendly and courteous.  I ordered two lunch specials (one with spicy salmon and philadelphia rolls, one with spicy tuna and eel/avocado rolls) and a cup of miso soup. The miso soup was meh (not to mention an odd dark golden color, but I chalked that up to some additional seasoning of some sort). The spicy salmon was okay and the philadelphia was meh. The spicy tuna, however, was disgusting. Clearly 90% comprised of whatever sauce they mashed the tuna with, it tasted awful (like a sweet mayo gone bad) with minimal actual fish present or detectable. The eel/avocado roll was filled with small and stiff bones that I eventually abandoned trying to pick out and just gave up on the roll entirely.  Considering a good chunk of what was purchased was pretty much deemed inedible, I had to go with two stars. 	2.0
382	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-31		**3.5 stars**  Fresh and delicious sushi at a reasonable price!  I ordered the following: - Crazy Maki (I also requested them to make it in a heart shape which was so cute!- not many sushi restaurants do that) - Dynamite roll- crunchy shrimp tempura roll w. avocado with spicy tuna on top - Daki Flying Eel roll (?- cant remember the name exactly)- this was my favorite, it had a whole eel on top with real crab meet and cucumber inside. This was heaven! - Crunchy spicy salmon hand roll- the crunch part was nothing more than panko bread crumbs but still delicious!  The warm sake was a great complement to the sushi rolls and the green tea and mango mochi ice- cream was a delicious end to dinner!  The service was great, our waiter was extremely attentive and even cleared off our entire table and gave us all new utensils when we were waiting for our last roll.  The price is reasonable and parking is easy. There is a parking lot across the street that takes quarters if you do not find parking in the front!  I will defintely be back and if sushi and service is consistent, I would bump iti up to 4 stars! 	3.0
383	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-06-07		Excellent food! Was here for a conference and ate here two days in a row! I would definitely eat here again if in the area. 	4.0
384	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-02-15		Open here for first time couple nights ago cuz I did not want to make the drive to rolls and rice in Rockville... The prices are reasonable but you get far less eel in  their eel avocado roll compared to what I'm used to. You don't have to order ice in the drinks because first they charge you for refills  and second it will get cold from the draft coming in.It was just way toooo cold inside I thought it was a bit weird how will employee were layered up when I first walked in thinking that they were delivery drivers just to find out there where our server. I would give this place 3 stars if it had heat. Very unpleasant dinner experience. 	1.0
385	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-06-17		Very fresh fish, friendly service. The dining room is small, but the portions aren't. Also, nice that they have brown rice available. 	4.0
386	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-04-19		Lovely fresh sushi. The scallops were amazing! Thoroughly enjoyed them and would highly recommend them here. The salmon was good, and the shrimp tempura roll topped with spicy tuna was delicious. Love that when you order hot tea, they give you a kettle of it so you can top up as needed. 	4.0
387	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-04-17		Ok it's kind of hard deciding between 3 or 4 star. I'd say 3.5 but I rounded it down... sorry, Maki Maki.  I've been here a few times, got sushi/sashimi every time but bf has tried their tempura, very very average, we don't recommend it unless you like oily tempura.   What I like about Maki Maki is that it has very cheap lunch options for me when I have my sushi cravings, but the rolls are kind of tiny so it's not like a mind-blowing deal. Nor is the quality mind-blowing, it's just meh, good for a convenient craving, that's all, can't complain b/c I live 5 minutes driving distance from here.  The con though, which in my mind is what really made me question the quality of its japanese food is that the owners/workers were Chinese. There you go, the secret is out. They were speaking Chinese when I walked in and it was (perhaps psychologically) an instant disappointment. I love Chinese food but I just think a Japanese restaurant should have a Japanese sushi chef. I still recommend going for their lunch specials for your sushi cravings. I will continue to visit Maki Maki for as long as I live here, I would recommend it to others as well. A big plus is that they deliver too! 	3.0
388	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-09-14		Quality spot. Everything is fresh and made right before your eyes. I love how it seems to be a family operation with the dad being the sushi master and the kids helping out. The salmon is amazing and served in a very generous portion. The last time I went they had some nice deep house music playing in the background! Amazing food, good atmosphere, the only reason they aren't 5 stars is because they seems to be out of sea urchin more than I'd like and the service can be a bit slow (they can be busy esp with dial in orders). 	4.0
389	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-06-12		The sushi didn't seem all that fresh to me. Spicy Tuna is my favorite roll but theirs was my least favorite of what I ordered.  But the seaweed salad was awesome. Big portion of it too. I will probably come back again just for that, and maybe I will try some other rolls. 	3.0
390	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-05-24		This place is great for delivery. It can take a long time on weekends but they're upfront about it, and the woman on the phone is great at taking orders. Never had anything wrong with my order and the food is always good :) 	5.0
391	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-11-15		I first learned about Maki Maki because my roommate swears by it and we went here for a roommate date. Everything I had was so incredibly good. Definitely try the Dynamic Maki, it's my favorite. The prices are very reasonable, and their lunch deal is unbeatable. Highly recommend for anyone that lives/works/plays in Bethesda. 	5.0
392	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-02-26		3.5 stars. I pass by this place sometimes, it looks like a quaint little Japanese restaurant... this review is for their delivery. I ordered dinner tonight and it took a little over an hour for the food to arrive despite me living only about 4 or 5 blocks away from this restaurant.  I was busy, otherwise I would have just gone into the restaurant myself!   However, the lady who took my order on the phone and the driver were both very friendly and polite. I ordered 3 rolls: crunchy eel, spicy tuna and philadelphia roll (ranging from $4.50 - $5.95 per roll... each roll is sliced into 6 pieces... the special maki selections cost more). All were pretty good, and the fish tasted fresh. They gave just the right amount of soy sauce packets, wasabi and ginger. I also got the seaweed salad, it wasn't exceptional but the standard sweet-ish salad was there. And the fried rice.. WOAH IT WAS HUGE. I mean did they think I was ordering for four or six people?! I tried the fried rice, it could have used a little more flavor... but I suppose that is easily fixed with either some soy sauce or salt and pepper. Overall, decent food... they could improve on some of the entrees (Such as the friend rice) and delivery times. I'll have to make another stop, though. The rolls were pretty good! 	3.0
393	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-12-05		Get the pork katsu, or the lasagna maki. The shrimp tempura is mediocre, plus they forgot my Shrimp. 	3.0
394	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-01		I have been coming to this restaurant for many years, and have always experienced good food and good service, until recently.   I brought an out of town guest here, excited to show them the delicious food. She ordered a salmon skin roll which came over sauced and made with un-fresh clearly old expired fish.   Naturally, after one piece, she kindly told the waitress that she would like to exchange the roll for a different fresher one. The waitress looked at her, mumbled to her coworkers, and rudely told her that because she had had a bite of her food she could not send it back.   This was a rather confusing response, are they  re-serving old food to customers? After all how, could you know if you don't like something until you try it?   We asked to speak to the manager, the waitress ran away, came back, and told us he wasn't there. We asked for his name, she ran away, came back, and told us his name. We asked for his card, she ran away, came back, and told us he didn't have one.   We demanded to know which day he would be there and she said Thursday. At the end of the day we were forced to pay full price for the awful sushi.   I am shocked and incredibly disappointed this establishment is falling quickly. If they do not improve their customer service they will not last for long. Overall incredibly incredibly disappointing. 	1.0
395	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-09-23		Had a great inexpensive lunch today. 2 rolls and a side of edamami for about $12. Nice welcoming staff! 	4.0
396	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-9-15		Super cute place. Very authentic. The fish is wonderfully fresh, I adore their spicy tuna roll. Definitely one of the best I have had. The delivery is fast which is a big plus. Highly recommend. They also have a great lunch special, two rolls for $6.25	4.0
397	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-10-31		"I ordered online delivery. We got udon noodles with chicken and vegetables, yakisoba with shrimps, and an order of gyoza. The food was okay. I originally wanted to give 3 stars, but looking at yelps recommendations, this definitely fits in the ""Meh, I've had better"" category. I did save half my order for a later date, so that says something about the portions (big) and the flavor (decent).  I can't say anything about dining in. "	2.0
398	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-09-29		"We used to eat at the small sushi bar inside Maki Maki.   Lately we use Maki Maki for lunch and dinner delivery (to The Grosvenor).   The weekend afternoon lunch delivery is until 3 PM and feels like such a great affordable luxury.   Like many sushi lovers do, we consider ourselves to be picky about our sushi.  We'd order from here even if the prices weren't so low.  The low prices mean we can order more often.    Love the spicy scallop sushi and the tuna sashimi.   LOVE their eel avocado rolls, in particular. ($4.50 dinner price - hello).   The rice in the rolls is still warm when delivery arrives.   Sometimes I'll order one extra eel avocado roll to have leftovers for breakfast - delicious even when the rice is cold.  They'll make something off-menu (such as live scallop sushi without the ""spicy"") when we ask.  Personally, I don't like their California rolls. The krab is shredded and it doesn't seem to have flavor.  I tried a few times. That's the only item I've been less than happy with, so I just don't order it.  Never had a delivery mistake.  They're fast on the phone.  They always repeat the order back.  They also say ""an hour"" and our delivery typically arrives in less than 30 minutes. "	5.0
399	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-03-08		Get delivery. Dining in takes forever and one of the waitresses like to talk too much to the sushi guys in a loud Asian language, it's not pleasant to eat there ( and did I mention they take forever?). 	2.0
400	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-12-11		Came in for a quick lunch, $6.95 for two rolls cant beat that. It was fast, and the food was good. I got both my rolls with brown rice which is 1$ extra per roll. Definitely coming back for more.   I was definitely stuck looking at the menu for a few minutes because there was so many things that looked awesome. To top it all off everythings so fairly priced! definitely a great budget sushi spot! see you here next time. 	4.0
401	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-10-11		Cheaper than Hanaro, inside is small and the service isn't great, but the sushi and sashimi are pretty good.  Anything else is not so great.  Pan fried dumplings had a sour taste, spring rolls were tiny and unappetizing.  But if you want to grab sushi to fly, you can do worse for the value here. 	3.0
402	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-07-10		The simple roles are inexpensive and tasty. I ordered the spicy salmon role. I wasn't impressed however by the season salmon specialty role. It was very bland and not worth the price. 	3.0
403	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-09-12		"I don't know why this place gets such great reviews. the service was good, but the food was ''meh"" It's a good place for ""I need a quickie, and craving sushi.""  The price should match the quality, but in this case, nope. It was not cheap.  The menu is full of sushi rolls, all kinds of rolls, rolls made up of anything you can imagine. To test out this place, my husband and I ordered just the basics. A chirashi and a sushi sampler. I asked if I could replace the eel unagi with a scallop since I am allergic to bony fishes and the waiter said it shouldn't be a problem.  When he went to put in the order, the sushi chef was angry at my request. The waiter asked him why it was such a big deal and they discussed it and the waiter came back  to me and told me if I wanted to replace the eel, I would have to add $1.00, which is totally fine.   The quality of the sushi wasn't the best. The rice wasn't so good either. In fact, nothing was really memorable besides the other patrons at this restaurant. I think I was more bothered by that but my rating still stands because I have had better and don't think iI'd make a special trip to come back here for sushi or recommend it to anyone else.   Annoying Patron 1) Girl is eating california rolls by herself and orders an ice tea. the waiter gives one to her and says, ""How am I supposed to drink this? Where's my straw?"" .... Gees, can't you just ask for a straw politely?  Annoying Patron 2) A couple ordered Coronas and afterwards asked for slices of lime and salt. This sushi establishment didn't have lime and gave them slices of lemons. They were disappointed and said, ""Whatever."" Gees, this place is called Maki Maki, not Taco Taco. I don't think you can really expect a lime wedge with salt in your Corona at a Japanese restaurant.   Annoying Patron 3) A family sitting behind us asked ""How salmony is the salmon?""  Maybe if you're going to have take out, it would be better, or if you really like the colorful imaginative rolls but be prepare pay the extra price. "	2.0
404	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-04-14		There are several sushi restaurants in Bethesda and so far, Maki Maki is my favorite. It is pretty small, so I wouldn't recommend coming with a big group. I'm a fan of their Philadelphia Roll, Arctic Shrimp Roll, and Chicken Teriyaki Fried Rice. The sushi is always good. 	4.0
405	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-08-02		Came across this place while traveling. Very polite bunch of guys and good sushi. Will make whatever ya want. If its not on the menu just ask. 	5.0
406	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-11-05		I have nothing bad to say about this place...I love love love it here!    I've been here several times now...the food and service just keeps me coming back.  Lunch or dinner, no matter what time of day you go the fish here is always fresh and just melts in your mouth.  DELICIOUS!  I have yet to eat a roll or piece of nigiri here that I haven't liked!  My favorites are the smoked salmon nigiri (2 pieces for $3.95),  spicy white tuna roll with lettuce ($3.95),  and the salmon skin roll ($3.95). The rolls are cut into six, even pieces and you could just taste goodness in every bite.  The salmon is smoked nicely, the salmon skin has just the right amount of crunch when you bite into it, and the white tuna is just plain good.  NOM NOM NOM.    The sushi here is super cheap, but it gets even cheaper at lunch time!  Everyday from 11am-3pm they have their lunch menu.   Two rolls for $5.95 (you choose from a selection of rolls)...how could you beat that deal?!   Their bento boxes are also only $7.95 (comes with 3 pieces of CA roll, salad, and rice).  I've tried the sesame beef bento box before, and it is pretty good.  The portion size is large enough for another meal.  The beef pieces are fried just right, so good!    The servers here are always pleasant.  They are always attentive and ask you what you want to drink right when you're seated.  Most times that I have been here, this place has never been crowded (it's a fairly small restaurant too).  I do notice that they always get a steady stream of customers ordering to go here though.  They even do delivery!    This is my go to sushi place when I'm in Bethesda and even when I'm not in Bethesda.  I guess when I'm craving sushi, you'll most likely find me here.  Love love love it! 	5.0
407	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-01-20		The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The ambiance is a little meh, and the beer prices are kind of crazy, but the service is so good and the food is really fresh, so I keep coming back. it's not my go-to place with my family, as there aren't many tables, but it's fun to go with a friend. 	4.0
408	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-04-06		"Perhaps I came on a bad day. Or maybe it is hit or miss. Whatever the case I thought it was awful! I was offered water in a cracked clear plastic tumbler that you might find at grandmother's house. The fish in the case looked fresh, but what I was served didn't seem to come from that same case because it was so saturated in sauce I doubt it was even the same fish I ordered. As someone who lived in the Pacific during her childhood, visited Japan, and went to school with Japanese...yeah, um, this wasn't ""authentic"" Japanese sushi. Such a shame they felt they needed to bastardize the clean simple flavors with sauce that resembled Thousand Island dressing...yes, McDonald's special cause was slathered all over the fish! One of the rolls had what looked to be fake fish (what is that?) drowned in that orange sauce and plopped on top of the sushi roll instead of inside of it. That was considered a spicy tuna roll?  Really? Where they do that at?  In Bethesda apparently. I will not be back. "	2.0
409	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-01-19		Best sushi in Bethesda.  Small place with a nice atmosphere over looking Wisconsin Ave.  Clean, quaint and the staff are very nice.  The young male waiter is awesome.  Don't know his name but he is always smiling and very attentive.  High recommend for some really good and creative sushi.  Try the JMaki roll. 	5.0
410	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-04-29		This place is OK. Nothing to write home about.  The sashimi portions are larger then what I am used to. That's probably the only good thing that stood out here.  I'm not a fan of the rice or the way the maki was put together.  Honestly I think that Kanpai Sushi carry out is better than this place.   Kotobuki serves far superior sushi, yes it is far away, but worth the trip since its much higher quality in every regard and cheaper. 	3.0
411	maki-maki-bethesda	2015-01-14		I like to stop in when traveling in the area.  Nice counter to sit and have a quick sushi fix.  Have only been for lunch as I often stay at the doubletree across the street 	4.0
412	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-03-27		Three and a half stars for another Chinese-run sushi joint. Lusciously thick cuts of sashimi. Salmon and white tuna left me with no complaints, and what the red snapper lacked in comparable girth, it more than made up for in length. Insert lewd winky faces here. Wasn't a fan of the bento rice or the vegetable tempura; I prefer a more glutinous grain and less oil-sodden batter. Sesame entrees are more satisfying than teriyaki, with the salmon latter way overcooked by default. Smoked eel bento was filling thanks to the sweetly sauced rice, bean curd pouch, and densely populated salad on the side. I'd be okay with returning for more protein. 	3.0
413	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-05-26		Maki Maki makes me hungry for more! While the customer service isn't the greatest (they are slow and don't look at you), the sweet potato roll in brown rice is one of the best vegetarian rolls I've had. The sushi here is fresh and trumps Hanaro and Taku Sushi.   The atmosphere is lackluster with minimal design and I'm not sure when the front door will be ever fixed. If the customer service and ambiance were improved, then I would give the restaurant 5 stars. 	3.0
414	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-08-02		This place is all about the lunch special.  You can get two rolls for $7.  Let me say that again, two rolls, for $7!.  Not all of the rolls are fair game but you still get a decent amount of choices.  I got the Alaskan Roll and the Spicy Tuna Roll.  Both tasted good in my book.  Rolls were decently sized as well.  I also got the sashimi special for $10.  It comes with a California Roll and 6 pieces of Sashimi.  Crab meat was just imitation but I ain't worry about nothing.  All of the stuff tasted decent.  But then again I'm not picky with food.  So basically if you are looking for decent sushi at a bargain, come to this joint!  Bonus points since they didn't tack on 18% tax even though we had more than 6 people in our party. 	4.0
415	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-19		Really happy with Maki Maki!  I tried to order sushi to be delivered to my home in Bethesda without success (go figure) until I discovered these guys.  They are fast, friendly, and the food was tasty.  I will be ordering again and recommend them to anyone seeking sushi delivery. 	5.0
416	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-03-02		It's a small place in wisconsin ave., that people order to go most of the rime esp weekdays, we tried it once for my birthday, and did not regret it. The sushi was not extraordinary but very delicious. Its a place i would go back when i am craving for sushi! 	4.0
417	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-6-2		I like the white tuna spicy, spicy tuna and spicy salmon Nice small restaurant, the service is good everyone is very friendly. The boxes are a pretty good deal. the nigiri sushi was great too, and everything was very fairly priced!	4.0
418	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-02-23		This is a personal favorite lunch or dinner. They are inexpensive, have quality sushi, good service and they deliver. I do think they need some more specialty rolls but that isn't a problem because they have a wide selection. Their space is small but it calls for a relaxing personal feel. I've never had a bad meal and hope they stay around for a while. 	4.0
419	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-01-13		"Every time I come here, I stare at the menu for a good 15 minutes because everything just looks so good--and it nearly always IS good!  The only thing I've been unhappy with was a piece of old, dry mochi ice cream.    First off, there's hardly ever a wait here, and the waitresses are pretty great.  We frequently come in with a group of 6-8 for dinner, and they're always quite accommodating.  They also split the check without us having to ask.  As far as sushi and sashimi go, my absolute favorites are the smoked salmon roll, scallop sashimi (chopped scallops with spicy mayo) and the arctic eel roll.  In general, I find, the simpler rolls are better than the super fancy ones. Since the fish is always fresh, the flavors and texture really shine.  I also like to taste each individual fish to familiarize myself with the flavors.    For example--the boyfriend ordered the special ""Love at First Sight"" roll last night. It included like 5 different kinds of fish, roe, and 2 different sauces (wasabi mayo and sriracha) on top.  While it was tasty, we both thought there was just too much going on.  When I tried a piece, my taste buds were pleased but confused.  Another friend got the salmon sashimi (straight up salmon), however, and slurped it down with gusto.  This place doesn't need to hide their fish.    The chef dinner specials are cheap, and you get a LOT of food.  I ordered the smoked salmon fried rice last night for $9.95, ate to the point where I was full, and when I looked at the plate, there was quite literally enough food left over for 3 other meals.   The barbecued eel in a pot is to die for (careful, though--it's buttery!)  And lastly, as far as appetizers, the gyoza, while not world class, costs $5 for 8 pieces, and it's pretty solid.  I like the texture of the seaweed salad, and while I have been told by sushi aficionados that it's not the best, it's fun to eat.  All in all, I love this place. "	4.0
420	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-11-02		We eat here all the time. The salmon sushi is very fresh, cut well, very consistent. The California roll, shrimp and avocado roll are great. This is a wonderful option in downtown Bethesda, either carry out or eat in. 	5.0
421	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-22		The sushi here wasn't that good...at....all. Much better alternatives in the Bethesda area. The service wasn't bad though. 	2.0
422	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-14		Not really good. Fish freshness was ok, however, if you order anything with 'crunch' in the roll, it is just panko breadcrumbs. In which they fill 1/3 or 1/2 the roll with. Menu isnt really that inventive either. Anybody who rates this higher must be used to eating gas station sushi.  updated 16 Jan 13: After some thought, gave it a one star. Its gross and wont eat their ever again... 	1.0
423	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-02-01		This is good quality sushi at an affordable price in downtown Bethesda. If I am looking for a place to go without spending $20+ for a quick meal, this is my number 1 choice. There is rarely a wait, so you go in, get good good, efficient service and sushi that is not mushy. I know this doesn't sound like a ringing endorsement, but go to some other less reputable places and feel the tuna gelatinize in your mouth and you'll know what I'm talking about. 	4.0
424	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-08-04		"**To the tune of 69 Boyz' 1994 classic, ""Tootsee Roll""**  Spicy tuna, sake cold Let me get that sushi roll  That sushi roll Let me get that sushi roll,  That sushi roll,  Let me get that sushi roll  To the left, to the left To the right, to the right To to the front, to the front  To the back, to the back  Then I dipped, baby Dipped, baby  And yes, I sing these kinds of songs in my head whilst I eat all of the time. I also won a Tootsee Roll contest at the 7th grade school dance and I'm still high off that.  I dropped by here for a quick bite the other day and had quite the enjoyable experience. I was in the mood for an in and out experience, much like...oh, let's just say the 69 Boyz.  I was lucky enough to find an open meter right off Wisconsin Ave and was able to scrounge up enough change for 30 mins worth of meter love.  Luckily, an 3:30pm I was the only person in the restaurant at the time. Not always a sure fire sign of excellent service to come, but I felt the odds were in my favor.  I sat at the bar and was helped immediately. I quick scan over the menu and I declared that a Red Dragoon was in order (spicy crunch tuna topped with avocado, tobiko &amp; spicy sauce for $10.95.) The roll came out quickly and packed just the right amount of heat. The rice to fish ratio was also perfect and overall I found the roll delicious and satisfying. It actually filled me up on it's own.  When I finished, my check was brought out immediately with an incredibly tasty, milky Japanese candy that I savored as I walked to my car. Nice change up from the typical mint or fortune cookie!  Definitely a solid and reasonably priced restaurant for sushi in Bethesda. I will definitely return in the future. "	4.0
425	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-03-20		The half priced rolls at lunch are unbeatable! Just order before 3pm.  You may find better quality sushi around town, but not at this price. It's high quality and reasonably priced. One of the few affordable restaurants in Bethesda. 	5.0
426	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-02-12		I'm visiting from Los Angeles. Coming from one of the Asian food meccas, it's always interesting to try out different Asian cuisines on the East Coast. Maki Maki was a pretty solid place I must say. The service is excellent, and I think it's the owner that actually served us personally. He was super attentive and checked periodically to make sure everything was satisfactory. The lunch specials are pretty great, excellent bang for your buck. I got the two roll special, and then an additional roll for like 12 bucks. The fish is fairly fresh, and I especially loved my yellowtail roll.   The waitress saw we were all paying separately and even offered to give us individual checks before we asked. That's a big plus as usually they find it too painful to even do it when you ask. Great service.  For the price and service, I would definitely come here frequently if I stayed in the Bethesda area. Be sure to check it out. 	4.0
427	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-04-18		After eating here last night, I was sorely disappointed that my fellow Yelpers would give this place 4 stars on average.  No way, Jose.  We ordered a seaweed salad and a variety of rolls (tuna, eel, California, and yellowtail).  The seaweed salad tasted like something you would find at an Asian supermarket late in the day after the product has sat on a shelf all day.  The rolls were 'ehhh' at best.  We left half of the food untouched.  The green tea was fine.  There are so many wonderful sushi places in DC and Bethesda that it's amazing this place has lasted.    Service was polite and friendly and the decor fine.  Clean, well-lit, and reasonably priced.  But at the end of the day, it's about the food and I'm afraid on that count, Maki-Maki does not pass the test. 	1.0
428	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-20		Staff was very friendly and very quick with the food... But the sushi was warm and bland. The miso soup was too salty. The teriyaki chicken made me Ill, and even with a lot of soy sauce I couldn't chew more than a few bites. We just wasted thirty dollars. 	1.0
429	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-31		Customer service was alright. Not as friendly as I would've hoped but four stars because the fish was amazing! Being from hawaii and having lived in Japan, my standards for sashimi are rocket high but I was definitely impressed by the freshness of it all. Very reasonable prices as well. 	4.0
430	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-10-16		I was here for dinner with three other friends. We ordered plenty of sushi and two chicken teriyaki fried rices.   Sushi - I ordered the tuna roll, and really liked the freshness of the fish and the rice. The rice was the perfectly cooked, not too dry or too moist. A friend ordered a sashimi/sushi platter, he really liked it. The other two friends ordered a spicy salmon roll and they enjoyed it as well.  Two of us ordered chicken teriyaki fried rice - we didn't imagine the portions to be so huge. For $9.95, those portions were a steal. Generally for a sushi place, and especially in Bethesda, I would not have expected something that looked like two meal portions for the price of one.   A different friend told me she really liked the lunch specials here, so if I'm ever around on a weekday, I'm definitely coming back. 	4.0
431	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-11-12		Not a bad place. A bit pricey. Disappointed that they not have the large Sapporro beers. Staying at Double Tree---convenient. Reading some of the reviews. Who orders sushi delivery? 	3.0
432	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-03-21		Being my neighborhood sushi joint, it's been calling my name ever since we moved a block away one whole week ago. Let me tell you, that's a long time to go when sushi is involved. I finally decided to walk over there after a middle-of-the-day workout (that's right, us work-at-home-moms don't just wipe butts and do laundry). Service was pretty fast. No one said more than a couple words to me but they weren't rude either and since I only waited a little while (at one of their tiny tables), my feelings weren't hurt.   The atmosphere of the place, though I only stayed for a little bit and went during weekday lunch hour, was cozy and intimate. I'd even say datesy if you like sushi and are not too pretentious. ;)  I ordered the lunch special - 2 rolls for $6.95 - which is a terrific deal, especially considering the quality of the food. The spicy tuna was quite good but the shrimp avocado roll stole my heart. It was nice and plump and bursting with deliciousness. I'd definitely order that again!   All in all, a solid 4-star restaurant. It gets my vote. 	4.0
433	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-02-07		Overall good sushi. Price is relative for what you get. Sushi lover's aare constantly on the quest for the freshest coldest sushi...or atleast I am! This place is more for quick, convienent, and cheap. They fulfilled all my lunch need and I ate it at the office. The employees seemed to be nice and thankful I was there.   When I walked in the restaurant wasn't packed, but definately people were sitting down eating.   I had the miso soup and sushi combo. All was well! 	4.0
434	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-04-14		Great fresh sushi and perfectly cooked rice! Not only was it very tasty and fresh and beautiful but the portions were generous and the service was fast and efficient. Nice, casual setting, nothing fancy, and not too pricey... love. 	5.0
435	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-09-21		This is a very quaint place to have a cheap lunch. I like this place because it is a smaller, more intimant restaurant.   The service is attentive, and kind.. Lunch special around $8 for a bento box, or two sushi rolls for $6.  I opt'd for the sesame chicken bento box; which ended up being chicken katsu with sesame sauce on it (tasty, but sweet!).  The dressing w my salad was also really sugary.  I liked that the bento box does come w a California roll (standard quality).    Good price, nice atmosphere, standard food quality. 	3.0
436	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-11-16		So-so sushi.  The fish didn't taste all that fresh to me.  The waitress told me that all the people that worked there are Chinese, maybe that's a driver.  I was staying at the Doubletree, which has this place and a Mexican place within 2 minutes (which for me is not necessarily what I'm looking for as LA is not lacking for either type of cuisine) 	2.0
437	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-01		"Yay!  Former devotee of previous Love Sushi in Gaithersburg is now newly devoted to MakiMaki in Bethesda. Fresh perfection. Huge menu. W3, or perhaps WWWA classification:  Wonderful, warm, welcoming atmosphere.  Don't hesitate!  Run, don't walk, to nearest Maki door you can enter!  Inspiration awaits.   Ps:  nothing to impact my review, but be VERY wary of parking meters outside. I paid for an hour, and when I realized we needed a few more minutes, I went out to add change to cover the extra 5 minutes.  Came out in 3 - and there was a $45 ticket!  Not to mention, the date stamped on the ticket was the time that I was standing in front of my car.  Nary a parking attendant in site.  I confirmed the accuracy of my watch and cellphone clock with my two accompanying friends - we all had the same time.  When I called to report that something was wrong - whether a broken meter or broken ticket meter monitor's watch/machine, I was told it was ""too late to report it now"". Apparently you have 24 hours to report a problem,a detail they fail to mention on their signage.  So beware the usual parking scams of Bethesda.  Montgomery incompetence at its finest. "	5.0
438	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-07-23		Low-key, cheap, and really good sushi. I had the dancing eel and veggie tempura rolls as well as the veggie tempura appetizer. They were all good, but the veggie tempura roll had a bit too much soy sauce. It was tasty, but I felt thirsty afterwards. 	4.0
439	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-01-27		Maki Maki would get 10 stars, if it was an option.   Amidst last night's thunder snow in DC, I was stuck in Bethesda. Some friends and I called Maki Maki and ordered dinner, and amazingly, they delivered in the midst of the blizzard! The delivery took almost 2 hours, but we couldn't fault them--the weather was horrific, and they still made the trek.   Between 3 of us we ordered 2 entrees, 4 rolls, and a couple of sides. The entrees were warm, generously sized, and delicious. The sushi was fresh, and we appreciated the plethora of soy sauce and chopsticks that they threw in.   And here's the kicker: someone from the restaurant called us after our food was delivered to make sure that we received everything we ordered and that we were happy. Phenomenal!   A huge shout out to the delivery driver who braved the elements, a big thank you to Maki Maki, and a strong nudge to others to try this place! 	5.0
440	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-08-05		"Despite what all these reviews have said, I was not impressed.   I always find it interesting when people say the sushi was ""fresh"" because 1- why wouldnt it be? And 2- how do you really know?   Anyway, my ""fresh"" sushi was ok. Nothing to rave about. Despite the clamor over the hot deal lunch special, you wont get as lucky for dinner. I ended up paying $20 for 1 roll and bad fish. Very disappointing.   Also, the seating here is almost non existent. 10 tables maximum so it is not optimal for any group over 2 people (which is really the only measure of a group).   But all that being said, the place always has people in it (which, again, is not that hard to do with 3 vacant tables out of 10), but all that to say it could just be me. Ive had amazing sushi before and ive had decent sushi before. This would def fall into the latter category.   Also service was average, nothing worth mentioning.   I think it may ideal if you dont like the hustle and bustle of downtown bethesda but if you can deal with that, its worth exploring other nearby options in my opinion. "	3.0
441	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-02		Excellent sushi! have been coming there for years, the freshness and quality is consistent, friendly staff and fast home delivery. I would definitely recommend it. 	5.0
442	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-06-07		I'm really surprised this place has such high ratings. I ordered the sushi/sashimi combo which came with 6 pieces of sushi and 6 pieces of sashimi (3 pieces of white fish and 3 pieces of salmon). The sushi was fresh and tasted okay, but there was nothing amazing about it either. The green tea was served in a pot, but they use teabags here. Price-wise, I think it's expensive, especially when they don't include a salad, soup, side roll, and/or shumai with the combos. 	3.0
443	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-04-04		I love this place.  We usually go here once a week.  I've tried many rolls and the chicken fried rice.  Everything is good and the service is always great. 	4.0
444	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-04-19		Maki Maki, you totally rock. Although my friends have already reviewed you and I'm probably going to say the exact same thing, I still feel compelled to sing your praises after 2+ years of consistent awesomeness.  You have the best sushi lunch deal around and you have it *everyday*. You never skimp on the size of the rolls and always remind me that there are plenty of fish in the sea. $7 for 2 rolls? Yes please! $10 bento boxes with salad, sushi, and sizable entree? Don't mind if I do. You serve me the *best* california rolls (Readers, before you roll your eyes at me please go try it. I promise you won't be sorry). You still make hand rolls and make them well when most of your restaurant relatives have given that up for lost.  But most of all, you indulge my inner child with candy at the end of the meal- and you'll even give me extra if I smile and look cute :). 	4.0
445	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-07-11		Not fresh to death but,   the 2 rolls for $6.95 lunch special  and the bumpin' house music will  get anybody movin' up in this bitch on a weekday afternoon. 	3.0
446	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-11-28		Their Sushi is very good, fish is super fresh a sources are big. Udon noodle soup however was such a disappointment so as the Agedashi Tofu. So with all this being said, go there for lunch specials or sushi only. 	4.0
447	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-07-06		I'm someone who usually likes more 'advanced' sushi, but when I eat here I always make sure to get some California rolls - I swear they have crack cocaine in them or something, they are the best, most addictive rolls I've ever had. 	5.0
448	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-10-12		Greta sushi place with some of the best prices around.  I have probably been here over 20 times and have never been disappointed. My hat is pretty amazing considering on average, if you do something 19 times, one of those times you will F**k it up somehow.    Fish is fresh and good quality.  There rolls are simple but works for them.  They don't try to surprise you in awe with some FooFoo roll that include reindeer testicles.  They are a straight ton the point sushi place with one of the best lunch specials around.    Definitely recommend them, however they do have a very small venue. 	5.0
449	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-08-25		I got the roll on special, &amp; aside from being huge, it fell apart. In short, I've had better sushi, but the service was quick &amp; everyone was really super nice. 	3.0
450	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-12-03		I just went there for lunch today and honestly no major complaints. The sushi was a little slow getting to our table, but honestly, we got two rolls for $7, that's super cheap for good lunch time sushi. I've got no complaints and it's definitely worth a try if you're like me and want to fill up on sushi without spending a ton of money. 	4.0
451	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-08-20		Maki Maki's one of those places that you just drive by and not realize it's there until someone points it out....well I'm pointing it out now to all you yelpers out there who like sushi.  This place is small, cozy, cute, and best of all...it's cheap!  Lunch specials (includes weeneds) is 2 rolls for 6 dollars! Yea you heard me right...2 rolls for 6 dollars!   They don't skimp out on the size or the amount of fish either.  I know that I order 2 rolls and a miso soup  and I'm barely making it out of my meal alive.  The other awesome thing about this place is their Salmon Combo (not sure if this is the exact name of the dish).  Essentially it's salmon nigiri and salmon sashimi for 17 bucks.  The salmon slice they provide you is pretty fresh and it's falling off the rice because the size of the fish overwhelms the rice!  OM NOM NOM NOM  So now you know it's cheap and it's good...how about service?  Service is hit or miss.  Sometimes they are extremely fast and efficient and then there are the times where there can be no one in the restaurant and you're waiting for a while.  Overall I think it's fine and really doesn't have any impact to my sushi experience.  On a random side note, check out their lucky cats =D  They have a whole bunch of them behind the sushi bar. 	4.0
452	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-06-24		I'm sorry to report that the quality of this restaurant has DRASTICALLY gone down. If you look at my original review, you can tell how excited I was about a place like this in my neighborhood.   No longer can I honestly say that the food at Maki Maki is good. Out of the last 4 experiences I've had at the restaurant, only one was passable. Quality control is absent, and management doesn't seem to care.   The straw that broke the horse's back was them telling me that I didn't know what fresh fish tasted like. Right - I worked at Tsukiji for nearly three months, and to this day, have no idea what fresh fish is all about.  I know nothing of their non-sushi offerings; I don't think that's really relevant, seeing as the restaurant is named Maki Maki. 	1.0
453	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-06-14		I think A-OK sums up Maki Maki nicely...let's see if I can add anything new to what's already been said:  Cheap lunch special? (nope, that's been said) Sizable portions? (hmm, that too) Moderately-priced? (everyone knows that already) Decent vegetarian selection? (That's new!)   Maki Maki has decent sushi, and a nice selection of vegetable rolls and vegetarian entrees. The miso soup was nothing to write home about, but the dumplings were pretty tasty.   Tiny place, so either call ahead, or go the take-out route. If you dine in, don't expect the service to set any land speed records (perhaps that's just my inner impatient city dweller coming out), but you can expect friendly staff.   Overall, a solid choice if you're working in Bethesda. 	3.0
454	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-11-09		On time delivery. Generous portions. Great taste. 	4.0
455	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-10-30		Good sushi, friendly service and cold Kirin. Visited twice while staying at the hotel across the street, it was very good both times. 	4.0
456	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-03-17		Coming here for lunch may have been the better option, because dinner seemed overpriced for the quality. The rolls were nothing spectacular, and neither were the sashimi--fresh, indeed they were, but not the freshest I've had. Uh, wouldn't come here again. :/ 	2.0
457	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-01-11		"Good things: --We ordered four maki (maki maki?), and they were HUGE, fresh, and interesting. I had forgotten how large sushi rolls could be after living in DC for a year. --our bill was $26 for four rolls, one gyoza, delivery and tip.   And thank goodness for those rolls, or else I would have been sorely disappointed.  Not-good things: --soy sauce packets were too salty. Blech. --gyoza was pronounced ""meh"" by both Boy and myself, and we never agree on food (see: Mosaic) --agonizing hour-long wait for delivery (Boy lives three blocks from the restaurant) --the person taking our to-go order on the phone was unpleasant "	3.0
458	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-1-14		Don't be fooled by the empty seats - the food is pretty darn good. I've eaten in and ordered takeout from Maki Maki before, and I've always been happy. Their food is reasonably priced. And delicious. And quickly prepared.   It doesn't get 5 stars because 1) the decor isn't as awesome as their rolls or bento boxes, and 2) cucumber is not an acceptable vegetable to use in making tempura. japanese-style tempura, at least.	4.0
459	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-07-06		The other reviews are spot on -- the sushi is GREAT. The other food, not so much. My boyfriend and I ordered a Phoenix roll and that was EXCELLENT. It was fresh, skillfully made and presented well. We also ordered separate entrees: I got the chicken udon soup and he got sesame chicken. His chicken came with a salad and the ginger dressing was very watery. My chicken udon soup was presented well and was very hot and fresh, but the flavor was definitely lacking. And his sesame chicken was...weird. The texture was good but they ruined it with the topping sauce.  Go here for the sushi. For sure. And maybe take a gamble on the rest of the menu...there might be something good hiding in there. 	3.0
460	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-05-06		Good sushi...fast and cheap.  Never tried anything except the sashimi/sushi which have always been good.  I've been here or had delivery about 15 times and I've never been disappointed. 	4.0
461	maki-maki-bethesda	2014-01-03		This is one of my favorite sushi places in Bethesda. This quaint restaurant has a very delightful and casual atmosphere. They have a very extensive menu all of which are made fresh, just few steps away from you. The sushi chefs are extremely friendly and even let you lean over to get a few of them working their magic to create a beautiful piece of sushi. The service is fantastic and even provides you with a little treat with the bill. I've gone back to this restaurant countless times, attempting to try everything on the menu. I've yet to accomplish it but it goes to show how good the food is and how large their menu is. The prices are extremely reasonable compared to other sushi restaurants, which makes it that much more appealing. I highly recommend stopping by this little place for lunch or dinner and grab the very filling bento box. Overall, make sure to stop by and grab a roll or two, it will definitely have you coming back for more. 	5.0
462	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-08-08		Coming here after my wife and I finish a biking trip on the Capital Crescent Trail has become our new tradition, and I don't see that changing any time soon.  We both love this small little treasure of a restaurant, lying on the outskirts of downtown Bethesda.  This place has a great selection of various sushi rolls at really good prices.  I'm a fan of their spicy tuna rolls and Boston rolls.  I just tried the yellowtail roll today and it was good...mildly flavorful.  We like our rolls spicy, so we'll check out the spicy yellowtail next time.  The only area where this place could use some improvement is in their service.  The waiters are nice, but I've only ever seen one on duty at a time to cover the whole restaurant.  Granted, Maki Maki is a small restaurant, but even just having one more waiter would make a huge difference.  All in all, this is a great place and we'll be back for sure. 	4.0
463	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-02-12		I really love the lunch specials here.  It was always a great day when one of my coworkers would volunteer and drive down to get it for everyone.  I really love that they have a brown rice option.  I am not too adventurous with seafood yet so my order was usually spicy tuna, california roll, philadelphia roll or spicy salmon.  Things were always good and fresh tasting. The price can't be beat. 	4.0
464	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-06-05		Some of the best sushi I have had for the price. The taste is excellent and the service is pretty speedy. It's a great place to eat on a weekend afternoon or if you want to take it home. 	4.0
465	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-11-27		The pros:  good sushi~reasonably priced~really friendly staff The cons: horrible seafood udon (the broth was just bland and stale, the veggies and seafood overcooked) that give udon noode soup a bad name!  In short I'm still giving them a 3 for the sushi, but I would be cautious when ordering other Japanese standards! 	3.0
466	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-11-17		"This place is great. We had the age tofu, seaweed salad, and four ""small"" maki (which are quite large - 6 pieces each), with brown rice instead of sushi rice. The age tofu was different from how I usually see it - they lightly bread and fry pieces of soft tofu, serve them in the mirin/soy sauce mixture, and serve them with a small bowl of bonito flakes for dipping. Really tasty! The seaweed salad was solid.  Sushi was really fresh, reasonably priced and good sized portions. My GF had a roll with asparagus and some sort of mayo on top... it was really, surprisingly flavorful.  Service was great.  For the price you really can't get better than this, and it was very good. 5 stars! "	5.0
467	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-23		I've only been here for the lunch special, but the service and quality is good every single time. Nothing to complain about and it's extremely affordable. 	4.0
468	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-06-04		The sesame beef taste way too sweet and the texture is rubbery. Price was fair. Sushi were ok, rolls are better. 	2.0
469	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-08-31		So, I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm not a sushi fan. I wanted to try it so I tried it here. Place was very fast and quick and the sushi had fresh ingredients. They have a lunch special where you get 2 rolls for 6.50 (12 pieces of sushi). I had the california roll and philadephia roll. Even though, I'm not a fan of sushi, I can tell this is a great place. 	4.0
470	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-10-17		The smoked salmon fried rice is my ultimate favorite. 	4.0
471	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-05-03		Amaebi sweet shrimp sushi - off flavor Nigiri maki - overly fishy, did not taste fresh, white tuna downright soggy and yucky.  blech dragon roll - OK best thing was the crunchy eel roll service was inefficient 	2.0
472	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-01		A very nice little restaurant with excellent sushi.  We had dinner here on a Friday evening.  The service was great and the food was very good.    The only item that we ordered that was not so great was the edamame, which was not well prepared.  We would definitely return next time we're in the area visiting friends. 	4.0
473	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-12-28		Decent but not impressive, the fish did not not seem so fresh. It has a nice atmosphere but the soup was also disappointing. 	3.0
474	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-01-06		TEMPURA UDON (2 stars): Head out to an HMart/Ranch99 and buy the same udon package for 50¢... or pay $11 here ..HMM that's a toughy  PHILADELPHIA ROLL (1.5 stars): Rice &amp;&amp; cream cheese tasted stale. How can something refrigerated taste stale? Unless...   Just 10 minutes before close, my friend &amp;&amp; I were on our last 2 bites. __________________ WAITSTAFF : (in Cantonese) Why don't we grab our cars and scare these girls out of the restaurant. AH : (in Cantonese) Can we have the check please? (Damn straight there was an awkward moment of silence!..)   WAITSTAFF : (in Mandarin this time) God leave already. (WTF I was already half-way through signing the cc slip) __________________ On my way out I thanked them and told them to have a good night... in Mandarin. You think you're soo slick switching dialects on me..   Folks, do you really wanna waste your money tipping these fucks?  PS. You and I both know you don't have the balls to drive your 2-cent ride into the shop. What do you think is going to hurt more, me laughing my ass off at the empty threat or your wallet after it gets hit by property damages, hospital bills, and a FAT lawsuit. Stupid kids don't know what's up. 	1.0
475	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-01-28		"Walking up, Maki Maki doesn't look like anything to write home over really. It's a small place, on a street that doesn't look to be the best in the neighborhood. And parking, well, with all the snow we got in the past few days, was less than pretty. The inside is pretty small, only a few tables and a sushi bar. My friend and I both ordered cokes, which came in cans along with a cup of ice. I don't mind that the cokes came in cans, and my friend loved it. That could be seen as a negative for some people, because obviously you don't get free refills, but in the age of plenty, I think one can of coke at lunchtime is just fine for me and my ass that I'm kicking in the gym training 4 days a week. My friend ordered 3 spicy tuna rolls and I ordered the spicy crunch salmon and eel avocado and we got gyoza (pan fried dumpling stuffed with pork and scallions, with a light oil based dipping sauce that has just a littttle tiny bit of a kick to it) to share.   The sushi was up first. I believe that my friend and I honestly got a quarter of the way through our sushi before we even stopped to breathe, it was that good. The first thing either of us said, mouths both too full to talk, was from my friend who looked at me and said ""So worth it."" at the exact moment I was thinking the same thing.   The rice is super fluffy and delicious. Everything is very fresh, which you can tell just by looking at the beautiful colors of each fish behind the glass of the bar. The spicy crunch salmon roll had just enough crunch and the perfect amount of salmon, however I would have liked it to be just a little spicier, so I got the spicy mayo on the side too. The eel was warm and succulent just the way I like it. The avocado complimented oh so perfectly. Great, now I'm drooling and hungry.   When the gyoza came I waited mere seconds before diving in. It was piping hot, like the kind of hot that you chew with your mouth half open and feel like an idiot for shoving steaming food into your mouth and go ""hot hot hot"" as you chew so everyone knows you're not just a pig, just the food is too hot. Anyway, it was very good. Unfortunately not the BEST I've ever had. They are a little too crisp for me and the filling seems to be one big chunk, whereas other gyoza I've had, the filling is chopped. My friend and I agreed we both care for the gyoza from Sushi Jin more than what we had at Maki Maki.  To speak on the staff now; they weren't the most friendly people I've ever met. They were definitely polite, and tolerant. I choose the word tolerant because there was a man who appeared to be under the influence of some substance, and the waitress was very polite to him the entire time he was there. On the way out the man dropped something from a shopping bag he was carrying and it broke on the floor. The sushi chef promptly cleaned it up even though the man insisted he would clean it if they would just bring a broom to him. I don't care for staff that is overly chatty most of the time. I'm there for the food, not the company. So the fact that they were polite and not friendly was fine with me and my friend. We were pleased. However, we did hear the waitress tell another customer that the credit card machine wasn't working, and she did not tell us this when she brought our bill, so had we not had cash, it would have been nice to know before we got our bill, or even ordered. Which brings me to the prices... the prices at Maki Maki are phenomenal. I've paid much more for much less and not even as good quality.  Our 2 cokes, 1 gyoza and 5 rolls totaled $31.50. Plus the bill came with 2 little milk candies that had this cute cow on the package. We were happy to dish out the bills for this meal and leave over 20% on tip.  So all in all, I fell in love with Maki Maki yesterday and when I go back to Michigan, I will sincerely miss this restaurant. "	5.0
476	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-02-19		I love all the sushi there! so fresh! i love their eel pot and Lasagna maki! 	5.0
477	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-03-08		For lunch I am not sure this place can be beat.  They do a wonderful lunch special for $6.50 and you get to select two sushi rolls (that is 6 pieces each).  Not the whole selection is available in this way, but some good stuff like yellowtail, tuna, salmon are (as well as your standard california rolls and such).  You can also do a la carte, or tempura.  Those I have not tried yet, but rest assured I plan to.  Conveniently there is a parking lot right across the street from them.  Yes, you do have to pay to park... its Bethesda.  But at least you don't have to hunt for a space.  The sushi I had there was quite good.  The rice was not dry and adhered well.  Unlike some places where a dip into the soy sauce means you shed off all the rice, here that was not the case.  I could have done with a bit more wasabi... but maybe that is just me.  The presentation was delightful, everything came out (quickly) on wooden platforms.  I would also highly suggest the edamame.  Makes for a great appetizer... only problem being your lunch is ready way before you and a table of people can make your way through the overflowing bowl of it that comes out.  I strongly suggest that if you are looking for sushi in the Bethesda area that you check out Maki Maki, particularly for its ridiculously good lunch special. 	5.0
478	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-03-12		Great pieces of fish, low prices, and speedy service. This is exactly what I want when going out for lunch or dinner, and I am always very happy.   Ordered some white tuna once, and it literally melted in my mouth.  Absolutely delicious.  The only thing I would improve is adding to the menu, but that seems rather picky, even for me. 	5.0
479	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-08-25		For this review I can only speak to the delivery/pickup options as I haven't had an opportunity to dine in just yet.  That being said, I've had nothing but pleasant experiences here.  They've always been friendly and easy to order with over the phone, and the orders are typically ready in 10-15 minutes (I live close by so that's a big plus).    I've ordered various sushi rolls each time, both off the Special Maki and the Small Maki sections, and have enjoyed all of them.  The Dart Roll so far has been my favorite (tobiko, crab meat, cucumber and shrimp with a mayo base wrapped in rice paper.  For $11, it is a good deal compared to some of the prices you can play at more upscale dining locations.  Spicy Crunch Shrimp was also quite tasty as was the Happy Salmon roll.    For Bethesda, this is my go to, with Raku and Hinata Carry Out (bonus points for being family-owned and super friendly) as my other two favorites. 	4.0
480	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-08-10		Great fast-food sushi place...fresh and tasty food, friendly service (most of the time), great prices in a very cozy little venue.  If you are a sushi lover (which I am not), I highly recommend. 	5.0
481	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-09-16		First time i ate here due to the proximity of my hotel, double tree, and a recommendation from a friend. I decided to go on a Sunday afternoon so  I just missed the lunch special. There was nobody else eating at the time, but I felt like I attracted customers as they soon dwindled in after me. The sushi is okay, I ordered the spicy crunchy salmon and the spicy tuna with Asahi ichiban beer. The price is a bit up there for the quality. Not a racist comment, but most of the wait staff are Chinese and were speaking Chinese. I'm used to going to Sushi places in Hawaii owned by Japanese. This gets the job done being that it's Bethesda 	3.0
482	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-01-29		"A friend of mine who grew up in Bethesda told me that Maki Maki was great. I tried it and agree. Their lunch special, $6.95 for two rolls, is unbeatable.   I got a spicy tuna roll, a shrimp tempura roll and a spicy crunch California roll. All three of the rolls were decently big. The spicy tuna was very good. I've had better shrimp tempura, but this still pretty decent. The spicy crunch California roll was amazing. I'm not sure what exactly the ""crunch"" is, but I liked it.   This place also has good spicy mayo. I love dipping my sushi rolls into it, but sometimes have trouble finding places that have it.  Another small downside is that when you get it to go, they give you packets of soy sauce rather than a little cup of it. I always prefer the cups.   I definitely like Maki Maki better than Hinato. The rolls are much bigger and with the lunch special, they're much cheaper. I haven't tried too many other take-out sushi places around Bethesda, but I definitely recommend Maki Maki. "	4.0
483	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-05-24		This is a very nice place in Bethesda that is unassuming on the outside.  The sushi is very quickly prepared and really good (according to my wife) and the Tempura is delicious as well.  The prices are very reasonable too.  We will definitely go back the next time we are in the area and in the mood. 	4.0
484	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-12-27		My current sushi crush. A small humble place in Bethesda, that has won my heart. Super tasty and fresh, great lunch special deals for those who dine in! $6 for two rolls! Can't beat that deal for such great quality! They also have brown rice, which is pretty uncommon other than at whole foods which is triple the price.   Hard to get service at the bar, but love the staff who service the tables. The best thing of all is they deliver and offer carryout, which is über appreciated and convenient.   I will be a loyal customer from years to come. A true gem and favorite of mine. 	5.0
485	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-03-10		Maki Maki is a stone's throw away from my work, so I tend to go here about every other week or so.  The reason they keep me coming back is their lunch special, which is 2 rolls off the lunch list for just $5.95.  That's enough for a full meal for me.  I only give them a 3, because the sushi is just average.  I have never really had anything that I thought was unique or great.  So if you want something cheap and quick, this is a good place.  If you want top notch sushi I would look elsewhere. 	3.0
486	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-12-14		Dined here on 8 &amp; 10 Dec, 12.  Food:  The freshest fish I've had in the region, and prices are a bargain from my viewpoint.  Very generous portions when it comes to the nigiri.  You're not forced into paying a $10 minimum per roll either, they're are tons of options.  Try the gyoza as an appetizer--it's a must have.  Service:  Good balance of meal pace, water refills, and table visits.  Decor: Casual environment, and the dining room and dishes are clean.  The bathrooms could use some fresh paint.  Overall: The food easily earns the 5.  Going back tonight for the 3rd time in 7 days. 	5.0
487	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-05-06		Love this place! I work about 1 block away and I have been for lunch many times (both dine in and carry out). Everytime I go the people who work there are very friendly. The bathroom is oddly located but who cares, right? It's clean!  The sushi is super yummy and tastes very fresh. Their lunch specials you can't beat... two super YUMMY rolls for $6??? Or the bento box for a couple more...   The people who work there are extremely friendly as well and always greet you with a smile.  Everytime I have gone in there even just to carry out it is very crowded. The place is small so not many tables, but definitely worth it!  I DID go to the Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo Japan in 2009 and had sushi there... definitely DOES NOT compare to the freshness of that but its also one block away and not a 15 hour plane ride! lol 	5.0
488	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-09-16		I ate here for an early dinner a few weeks ago and honestly wasn't too impressed. The service was friendly but the sushi wasn't any better than ok. Nothing impressive. 	2.0
489	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-03-22		What a find!  My foodie friend Jack and I ate here tonight and it blew us away.  We eat lots and lots of sushi all over the country, mind you, so this statement is informed by the memories of many great, good, and sometimes less-than-good sushi experiences.  I won't remember everything, but from a service point of view, we were very well attended at the bar as we scarfed down:  Ice-cold Kirin Ichiban (multiple) Nicely salted edamame White tuna, red clam, eel &amp; squid sushi Red dragon maki Oyster maki Sake, maguro, and saba sushi  Everything was beautifully presented, the portions were some of the largest I've ever seen (seriously!), and the flavors and textures really popped.  When the bill came, we were surprised to find how affordable it was.  Nothing but smiles after having one of the best sushi experiences of all time in what we thought was a less-than-well traveled road for real sushi aficionados in Bethesda.  So if you like sushi and maki and you're in the neighborhood: run, don't walk, to this wonderful wonderful place. 	5.0
490	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-05-18		Decent, but not great. Lunch specials have large portions and are reasonably priced, but better sushi can be had elsewhere. Hinata, just a few blocks away would generally be my choice, but some of my coworkers enjoy the non-seafood choices available at Maki Maki. They serve a few Chinese dishes in addition to the mostly Japanese fare. 	3.0
491	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-04-30		Small place, don't come here with a giant group they won't be able to accomodate you.  Lots of wait staff, they are prompt and friendly.  Not to mention generous with their sushi fillers.  Lunch specials here rock (11a-3p).  $7.95 for a bento box with salad, a bomb cali roll, and rice, with your choice of salmon, beef, chicken, teriyaki style or grilled.  The grilled salmon is REALLY good I've had it several times and they never overcook it which is the main issue at restaurants with salmon.  Their rolls are dirt cheap as well, 2 rolls from a select lunch menu for $5.95.  I was a fatass last time I went and ordered a bento box and 2 rolls.  Grand total of $14 for 1.5 meals, the leftover rolls tided me over till a late late dinner.  Dinner is disappointing because it's not nearly as cheap.  Come here for a quick, cheap lunch and you will leave happy and stuffed :) 	4.0
492	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-05-12		Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  We arrived around 7:30 on Friday night to a basically empty restaurant. Five or so other tables filled right after we came in, so after reading the slow service warnings on Yelp, I was a bit worried. No need.   Our waitress was prompt and friendly. All the food came out as quickly as you would expect and all of it was yummy. The miso was a bit salty but still good, the seaweed salad was quite large, and wow, the sushi was awesome.   Nothing fancy, just high-quality fish prepared simply and cleanly. And for the price (so cheap!), I got enough to take a big portion of it home, where it was still yummy as a snack later.   The decor is pleasant and it's nice to sit and watch people go by from the big window. It's cozy but not crowded. This is our new sushi spot! 	5.0
493	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-02-10		I'm not a crazy sushi fan. I fell in love with sushi in Cali with my bff who taught me the ropes. Bad news is it's wayyy different over here on the East Coast. I had a hard time finding sushi I liked.   This place was walking distance for me so once I saw good review on yelp I decided to give it a try. Turns out, it's amazing. We ordered a a bunch of different rolls and I liked every single one! I love this place and is currently the only place I trust ordering sushi from. It's not what I expected from this lil corner restaurant. Everything I've had is excellent and super fresh.   It doesn't seem like much but it will surprise you! If you want sushi and you're in the area, THIS is where you want to come! 	5.0
494	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-06-25		My quick and easy go to for a fast sushi lunch.  Always fresh.  Simple to get in/out.  My favorite is the BENTO BOX lunch.  A great bargain too! 	5.0
495	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-09-24		This is a nice, little, clean sushi place in Bethesda.  They have dine-in, carry-out, or delivery.  I usually get the delivery and the drivers are always nice.  The sushi is pretty good so I usually only stick with the sushi from this place.  Their Dragon and spicy tuna rolls are great, and spicy usually means spicy there. 	5.0
496	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-06-28		"I went to Maki Maki for  lunch the other day, and it was not a good dining experience, to say the least.  The service was slow, despite the restaurant being less than half full.  The miso soup tasted fishy and ""off"" - the seaweed in it was soggy, suggesting that it came from a dehydrated mix.  The event that took the meal from ""tepid"" to ""awful"" was that I found a hair in my food (the fish tonkatsu) . Not only did they refuse to replace it, they also didn't comp it.   Bottom line, bad service, bad food. I would not recommend this place to anyone! "	2.0
497	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-05-13		Cheap eats!  Well, their lunch special is awesome for its price and for what you can get.  They have a decent selection of rolls, which are 2 for $5.95 (12 pieces).  Another option is the variety of bento boxes you can choose from.  I went with the sesame beef box and it was a great choice.  A very good portion of beef and fried just right with the tempura flakes.  It comes with a side salad and delicious ginger vinaigrette dressing.  It also comes with three pieces of california roll.  What's grea is this is all for $7.95.  For the rolls, we tried the spicy tuna, philadelphia, and shrimp tempura.  All were decent and nothing spectacular.  Again, you don't expect anything extravagant for $3 per roll.  Service was good and as others have said, this spot isn't very big at all.  It's a good quick lunch spot.  I'll definitely visit this place again.  A solid 3.5 star for food and service. 	3.0
498	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-07-23		I ordered a variety of things delivered to my house.  Never had Japanese delivered before so I was crossing my fingers that it was good.  I ordered miso soup, egg rolls, Chicken and vegetable udon stir fry, spider maki (soft shell crab), and shrimp lovers make (tempura shrimp with cream cheese).    I was pleasantly surprised with everything.  I would order it all again except maybe not the egg rolls...but for $2.50 for two I guess it doesn't really matter if I throw it all in there. The sushi seemed fresh and traveled well.  I ordered the udon noodle dish as a stir fry to appease my kids, but I probably would order it in a more traditional soup next time.    Overall, I am happy to have discovered a Japanese delivery that I would not hesitate to do again. 	4.0
499	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-04-07		Though I've lived in Bethesda for awhile, it's taken a while for me to try out Maki Maki. Why? Well, I never really noticed it, no one had ever mentioned that it was good (a lot of my friends are locals so I kind of assume they know all the tasty spots), and we tend to go to places we've gone before. I've been making a point recently to try new places. We were literally almost on our way to Matuba sushi buffet...and detour! Plus, it had good reviews on Yelp! Needless to say, I'm really glad we tried it!   Maki Maki is super cute and a total *steal* for lunch (not just weekdays!). Where else can you get a bento box for $7 and 2 rolls for $6. Plus, the portions are very generous. I think all of the people in my party ended up just eating the fish and leaving the rice at the very end because we were stuffed to the brim. My friend got the sweetheart rolls and the tuna was shaped into cute hearts! While the quality isn't out of the world amazing, its pretty good for the price point. This is totally my new casual/cheap neighborhood sushi joint of choice :) Go Maki Maki!  On a totally unrelated note, I like their sushi clock too :) 	5.0
500	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-04-28		3.5 start because It's a great place to eat if you're craving for Sushi in the DC area.  I think people are giving this place 5 stars due to the lack of Sushi restaurant in the DC area.  Don't get me wrong, it's a pretty good place to get sushi.  The staff are very friendly and the food are always fresh.  If you want Sushi or Chinese, it's always fresh. YES! I did say Chinese, they do have Chinese food at Maki Maki, I think because the place are run by Chinese people.  Not that it matters ^_^  Overall, it's a great place to get sushi deliver to your place if you're craving for sushi and don't want to get out of the house.  It's a great place to just chill and relax with your friend.  The Sushi are pretty decent, it's pretty much a hit or mess on the type of sushi you get.  Some are great and some are so-so.  That's why this place only get a 3.5 stars from me 	3.0
501	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-04-28		Husband eats here twice a week!  Only California roll I have ever eat.  Great portions on the rolls and bento boxes.  Quality food. 	5.0
502	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-04-23		Very fresh, creative sushi. Recommend the Spring Maki and the Spicy Crunch Tuna Roll. 	4.0
503	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-04-15		"Lately, I've had so much unsatisfactory sushi that I wonder whether the sushi I'm eating is, in fact, this bad or I've simply lost my palate.  Restaurant after restaurant, I continue to be disappointed at the poor quality of fish I'm served.  The prices are more reasonable in Maryland and Virginia, but the quality is still lacking.  Of the sushi appetizer, the salmon was buttery but also bland; the tuna was slightly expired and noticeably falling apart; the ""red snapper"" possessed a mildly offensive smell and tasted simply awful; and luckily, the shrimp was already cooked.  The essence of the sushi - the rice - was under-seasoned and old (dry with hardened surfaces).  And for a restaurant that names itself after the maki roll (twice), you would think that maki rolls (sushi generally wrapped in seaweed) would be its specialty.  Sadly, the season maki ($6.95) was a disappointment.  It's a combination of asparagus, tobiko (fish roe), and avocado topped with slices of salmon and mango.  Although colorful, the ingredients simply did not mix together well.  The mildness salmon and mango failed to balance the bitterness of the asparagus.  And the texture lacked contrast between the softness of the avocado, salmon, and mango.  Overall, this is another Japanese restaurant that you could easily skip. "	2.0
504	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-05-20		This is my favorite sushi restaurant. The sashimi portion sizes are huge, everything I've had has been delicious (so far I've had the green salad, salmon skin roll, eel avocado roll, spicy salmon roll, yellow tail, white tune, squid, eel, and smoked salmon sashimi),  and they have great customer service. 	5.0
505	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-01-30		Sushi here is always fresh and the service is great.  Their lunch special is amazingly inexpensive! 	4.0
506	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-03-24		"I was staying at the Doubletree hotel across the street and Maki Maki looked promising for an informal dinner on my own. Indeed, it fit the bill perfectly. I chose the sushi set with a couple of extra pieces added. The sushi, while traditional, was extraordinary. Especially the white tuna and the salmon were good, and the pieces were huge. It's a bargain. Some have complained about the service, but the order arrived very quickly when I was there, which was, I might add, a fairly quiet Wednesday evening at 8 pm. I personally found the decor and feel of the place excellent -- friendly, unassuming, unpretentious, and inviting. I did not feel self-conscious sitting at the bar doing some work while eating. Note that the ""large"" Asahi comes in a giant one liter can! Too bad I'm here only one night, or I would have gone back tomorrow!  UPDATE: I went out of my way to go back to this place when I returned to Washington a few weeks later. Indeed, the sushi was as fantastic as ever, but I had to remove one star for the appalling service. They really have to lose that waitress. She is rude and inattentive. I was sitting (at the bar) for about 10 mins before she asked ""do you want something?"". Well, duh, what do you think? She did not take my order and she did not serve me, being on the phone most of the time, and in fact I was served by the very friendly and efficient sushi chef who had to do double duty. This was one of the extremely rare occasions when I did not leave a tip. Still, the sushi is so good it's worth the visit anyway.  ANOTHER UPDATE: I keep going back again and again. Maybe they got rid of the unpleasant waitress, I don't know, but the last two times I visited, the service was perfectly good and the food as excelIent as ever. So the fifth star is back. "	5.0
507	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-05-04		This is quickly becoming my go to sushi place across the street.......sssssshhhhhh! don't want Tako Grill to know down the block.   $7 Bento lunch box today I got the sesame beef (HUGE portion and about 10 tender pieces cooked perfectly)  with a salad and a couple of California rolls. Could be spun a lil more tighter but that's ok.....  Servers are quick and efficient and partners are friendly.....one who just bought a place in my complex...... smart man. 	5.0
508	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-04-22		Fresh food, large servings. Ask for sauce on the side...just in case you don't want it on your rice automatically. Easy pickup. 	4.0
509	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-06-11		"On my road trip down to Tennessee, I made some ""interesting"" stops. On Interstate 495, we saw an amazing architectural structure. The massive stark white building loomed over the tree stops from the highway. All we wanted to know was ""what is it?"" We caught a glimpse of the building and snaked around the area trying to find it. Instead of finding the end of the rainbow, we ended up in Bethesda. Yes, Bethesda. I'm not sure what direction I was driving to get there.   Maki Maki was a refreshing discovery after our small failure. It was a leisurely Sunday afternoon and Maki Maki was pretty empty. I'm not sure why because the Sushi was great and they had an excellent Lunch Special. The Lunch Special was two Rolls for $5.95! That's a total of twelve pieces of Sushi. I had the Spicy Salmon and the Boston Roll (Shrimp, Lettuce, and Very Spicy Mayo). I would defiantly go again if I was in the area.   Our waiter gave us some Japanese milk candies in Banana and Strawberry flavor. The Strawberry was really good and I'm a sucker for candy. He must have overheard me talking about the candy because he brought over two more. Man, the other flavors were disgusting. Melon and Milk Japanese flavored candy is not yummy. I politely waited until outside the restaurant to spit it out. So go to Maki Maki fill your belly with Sushi but not their candy and you'll be good to go. "	3.0
510	maki-maki-bethesda	2013-06-13		I ordered a salad, age tofu, and a roll and it cost about $20 (not including tip).  The salad was bigger than I expected.  The food was all delicious.  The service was fast.  The waitress wasn't friendly, but she was Asian and I think it was a cultural factor rather than her trying to be rude.  The setting is casual.  There is a sign telling people to use the other door; I don't know why don't want people using that door but read on here that it's broken.  I watched as multiple people repeatedly tried to come in the front door before realizing the sign said to use the other door (which is just several feet away). 	5.0
511	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-06-12		Deeeeeeeeeeeeeelicious. Went with family and enjoyed the amazing $6.50 for 2 rolls lunch special. The salmon roll was my favorite. Edamame was great, too, but wasn't completely salted (only on the top). 	4.0
512	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-03-15		Food is great here.  I'm a sushi newb, so I eat relatively simple things -- gyoza, california roll, eel, veggie rolls, etc.  Everything was delicious.  I suppose the one thing I have to criticize, though, is how small and understaffed this place is.  Dishes came out sporadically, which is always uncomfortable when dining with others.  This was seemingly done because they didn't have space behind the bar to hold onto them.  Our waitress did her absolute best, but it became woefully apparent that she needed a buddy out there helping her.  They are staffed for minor business, and while I'll return, it will mostly be for pick-up/delivery.  If we pass by and it's empty, we'll certainly eat-in, but prepare to stay a while if there are a bunch of folks already there. 	3.0
513	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-07-19		I love Maki Maki! Came here all the time for lunch when I worked in Bethesda! Well-priced, and the food is yummy. 	4.0
514	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-06-27		Maki Maki is one of our go to places for one main reason:  they deliver!  They have some pretty good specialty rolls and they also put together some nice maki platters for when you have a big group.  The sushi might not be among the best we've had, but it's certainly decent, and the fact that they deliver is really an added bonus. 	3.0
515	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-07-27		I spoke too soon with my last review. They still have a great lunch deal, but I have had more misses than hits here lately. They can make really good, fresh sushi, but they're very inconsistent. And when it's bad, it really is bad: dry, rubbery fish; warm, powdery cream cheese; brown, spoiled avocado; dessicated, flavorless cucumber. I think it's a better bet if you go earlier in the lunch hour, but I don't usually take the risk anymore. 	2.0
516	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-05-02		I think my bf and I go here at least once a week=)  It is hard to find a good sushi place with good quality sushi and not overpriced.  This place has average prices that are very well affordable and good customer service.  They are friendly and most of the time very efficient.  We never wait long for our food.  It's Chinese owned and it was nice to know we were able to speak with them in their language as well!.    I always get their sashimi appetizer which has 6 BIG FAT pieces of succulent sashimi.  2 salmon, 2 white tuna(my fav!) and 2 red snapper and only $6.95 which is a good deal for the size of the sashimi.  I'm not sure if that ever changes but since i've been there it has always been that.  Their special sushi and normal maki are also all very good.  We recently decided to try their chef's special which included a katsu fish $9.95 and sesame teriyaki chicken which all comes with a good size salad and 2 scoops of rice.  The katsu fish was excellent as it flaked perfectly and was very scrumptious.  Their sesame oil chicken was also good (it is like a chicken katsu)....I thought it was too sweet for my taste but my bf liked it, i guess it depends on your palette. Their portions are also big so you won't feel like there's not enough food.  We always over order! I also like how they have a TV monitor and we were able to watch a game on there one night.  I have also ordered out from them and they are very good and punctual.  I have not had any problems with them while ordering out and they have coupons too for ordering, i believe its $5 off with a $25 dollar or more order, etc.   The place is not very big so not great for big groups but maybe they'll get a bigger place sometime in the future=)  Definitely recommend this place!=) 	4.0
517	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-05-11		Another excellent meal! Ordered the special maki roll: Love At First Sight (crabmeat, crunch, shrimp, avocado, salmon, tobiko, spicy sauce &amp; wasabi mayo). Thank you Maki Maki! 	5.0
518	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-08-02		I FINALLY found a sushi place that delivers!  Great sushi (ordered the California roll, salmon roll, and eel and avocado roll)! 	5.0
519	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-4-11		Their lunch prices are unbeatable, so I end up going here once a week. The service is always quick and friendly. The sushi can be a little hit or miss, but even on a miss day, it's good. On a hit day, it's excellent.	4.0
520	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-12-8		Maki Maki is a hidden gem!  They're sushi is always fresh and the portion sizes are perfect (much larger than Tako or Matuba).  Lunch specials are unbeatable!  My office orders from here at least 2 times a week.  We love it.	5.0
521	maki-maki-bethesda	2012-08-09		This is our favorite sushi spot.  We come here once a week if we can.  Their lunch special is excellent, but even when you miss it, it's still affordable and full of quality.  Best fresh fish and nicely sized maki rolls ever! 	5.0
522	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-04-09		Good tasting food and friendly service. I tried the wasabi shu mai, miso soup, vegetable tempura, california roll, salmon salad, and sesame chicken. I'd order everything again expect for the sesame chicken, it was a bit too sweet. Let it be known, the wasabi shu mai was the star of the show. I really enjoyed my dinner here and am hoping to make it back to take advantage of the lunch specials. 	4.0
523	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-05-20		The salad dressing is sickly sweet, the sushi is mediocre, the seafood udon soup was bland, the chicken teriyaki too sweet. We have eaten there several times, since the location is convenient and we love Japanese food - but it is below average. 	2.0
524	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-11-14		Ate there tonight.  A hole in the wall but warm and pleasant inside.  The sushi tasted quite fresh, is served generously long...twice as long as the rice pad.  My roll (tuna/avocado) was fine.  Do NOT order wine; they know only that it comes in two colors.  The glass I received looked red and tasted like fermented Kool-Aid.  They quickly replaced it with a perfectly fine can of Sapporo. 	4.0
525	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-01-18		Ok, truthfully the food is ok.  The reason this place got 2 stars from me is that the last 2 times i've been there it took well over an hour to eat at lunch.  Once, i can forgive but twice on back to back visits within 2 weeks of eachother, sorry you're cut off.  Lest you think my coworkers and i ordered crazy stuff that takes forever, that is not the case.  On each occasion 2 of us got the roll special (2 rolls), and 2 people got a bento box.  None of which should have taken an hour and a half. 	2.0
526	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-12-30		Mixed feelings about this place. The good: - The sushi has large pieces of fish and seems quite fresh. - The spicy salmon roll was generously sized - about twice as big as Tako, whose are miniscule - and very good. - The tempura tasted good.  The bad: - They add $2 dollars to add a little panko to a roll, to make it a Crunch roll. Most places ridiculously add $1, so $2 is just silly. - The tempura was undercooked, and thus soggy. Just cook it a little longer! Make it crunchy!  The ugly: - My Spider Roll tasted really fishy. Sorry but soft shell crab should not taste like 3 day old cooked fish. This is the first thing I've ever sent back in a restaurant - I literally could not eat it. The ugly part was that the waitress argued with me about how it was fresh every day, and other people liked it, and didn't take it off the bill until I asked another woman who seemed more senior. Maybe I got a bad crab, who knows? I know that it tasted bad and I could not eat it, so they should take it back and not ARGUE.  Dunno if we will go back or not. Didn't like the arguing. Did she think I should force down bad crab? Hmm. 	3.0
527	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-01-07		Why isn't this place more crowded??  It's one of the few restaurants in Bethesda that's excellent AND inexpensive.  Minus one star b/c the service is only so-so.  Can't remembered everything my table ordered (6 or 7 things), but I remember it was all fantastic. 	4.0
528	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-03-09		Tiny little place with friendly sushi chefs.  The waiter/waitress can be slow sometimes, but are usually pretty good.   The sushi itself isn't anything special, but it's relatively cheap and the lunch specials are such that two people can eat reasonably for under $20. 	4.0
529	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-06-11		Great little place!  I'm a fan. 	4.0
530	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-10-19		All I know is what I get  is consistently good and cheap. 2 pieces tuna/salmon for $3.95. Good, consistent quality. Tasty fish! 	4.0
531	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-06-13		All in all a great place for a casual dinner.  Went here on Friday night with my dad.  We each had yellowtail, tuna, shrimp, eel and salmon sushi and I had a spicy tuna roll.  Someone once told me that good sushi is big fish, little rice.  That is clearly something they take seriously at Maki Maki as you can barely fit each piece in your mouth and more often have to make it a two-bite affair.  Everything was great, only downside is that the service wasn't great.  Waitress disappeared or ignored us for long periods of time. 	4.0
532	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-07-20		I went to Maki Maki for takeout sushi today. The woman behind the counter had an attitude and spent 10 minutes on the phone with someone who had called after I already started talking to her. On top of that the sushi didnt taste right..the fish was definitely not fresh. 	2.0
533	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-01-29		I have been coming here twice a month on average since 2008. The sushi is always fresh and tasty, the variety more than adequate, prices reasonable. I have only had one bad experience with the food (awful teriyaki) but the staff was kind enough to take it back without a fuss. Service can be odd and vary from untrained to unhappy, but in a sushi shop one does not tend to dillydally anyway. 	4.0
534	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-02-23		Got delivery and was very impressed overall. Nigiri had large pieces of fish. Rolls were pretty good and exceeded my expectation. Everything was fresh and delivery was pretty fast. Definitely recommend this place. Will order there again. I only wish i had my own soy sause. The little packets they provided were fine, but it was no Kikkoman. 	4.0
535	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-07-02		Went in for the lunch specials ($6 for 2 rolls or $8 a bento box) and thought they were excellent. On the sushi front the fish was fresh, and while I have certainly had better it was certainly still very good. Bento box was fantastic value, huge helping of chicken teriaki - so much that we could walk away with leftovers for another time. Waitress was friendly and helpful, and the dining area was small but well spaced. Prices looked very reasonable for dinner as well, if not quite the steal that lunch was. Will certainly be back.   Overall 4 stars for the food, 5 stars for the lunch deal. 	5.0
536	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-06-18		We went twice- once for lunch (they have lunch specials on weekend also, 2 rolls for $6 and Bento Box for $8). The rolls were tasty (I really love their California roll!) and the Chicken teriyaki was good and very large portion- we took some of it home.  Then, we went second time for dinner. I tried the sushi appetizer- hmm, 3 stars maybe. Their J. and Dynamic Makis- very good. Again- the California roll is simply (even though simple) tasty! My friends ordered Sesame Chicken and teriyaki Salmon (good) but the Udon Noodle soup dish was not as enjoyable. All the dinner portions were large and we had some leftovers to take home. Overall, if you feel like simple and good sushi/ chicken, its a good and inexpensive place to go to! 	4.0
537	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-10-16		A friend and I recently tried this place on a whim, since the restaurant we were heading to closed early that day. And wow, it was a real pleasure!  I'm not much of a sushi connoisseur, but I'm at least experienced enough to tell fresh food from the questionable stuff. Unfortunately, I can't remember what we got (it was several different types of fish and roe - no veggie rolls), but it tasted remarkably fresh and flavorful. My friend, who's much more knowledgeable about sushi than I am, felt that it was some of the best he's had in a long time. I actually got one of the Japanese noodle dishes, and was brought a large bowl of noodles and shrimp that was amazing. I should have taken some of it home, but it turned me into a glutton as I found myself scraping the bottom of the bowl with my fork...  Definitely on my list to go back. 	4.0
538	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-01-21		I stopped by this somewhat-new sushi joint this past monday based on the recommendation of some friends.  There has also been plenty of temptation to go via the constant appearance of their menus in my mailbox since the restaurant's opening.  The place was empty except for a couple in the corner, so we sat ourselves and were quickly waited on.  Our waitress was nice but seemed a bit nervous.  My group ordered and our maki rolls were brought out very timely.  I had the Boston roll, Philadelphia roll, and one of the chef's special rolls (salmon, mango, topped with a mango sauce) that I cannot remember the name of.  All three rolls were very good, with rice that was cooked just right and a great taste.  I am no sushi connoisseur, but I can assure that the average sushi eater will find the rolls to be delicious.  The rolls are reasonably priced and were not tiny like those found at some places.  I look forward to going back.  *On a side note, the zip code in the address (20810) should be 20814.  It had me confused as to whether this was the correct location until I looked at the map. 	4.0
539	maki-maki-bethesda	2008-11-25		I'm always looking for new sushi, though with Maki Maki becoming easily the ninth place in Bethesda to get it, it's never in short supply. It's a tiny little place, but the quality both of their fish and their chefs is practically unimpeachable. Incredibly fresh, clean, sweet and delicious fish, cut judiciously and with expertise (none of those absurdly huge slices you get from too-eager, under-trained chefs!), presented on deliciously tender rice. The rolls are fantastic as well, generous in portion and delicate in flavor.  Sure, it's a shame that Ekiban is gone, but a quick trip to Yechon in Annandale will satisfy a Korean craving at any hour (seriously, they're open 24/7). In the meantime, Maki Maki is actually offering some of the best sushi you can find in Bethesda right now -- no small feet, considering its competition!  Honestly, I highly recommend it. 	4.0
540	maki-maki-bethesda	2008-08-29		"Granted, I really was looking forward to partaking of some Korean barbecue or bi bim bap from previous tenants Ekiben (moment of silence). But hey, surprise, surprise, it's now a sushi restaurant called Maki Maki. My coworkers ordered the bento boxes for lunch and all were surprised by the amount of food that arrived. The wait staff and kitchen are probably still coming up to speed. My crispy shrimp roll with avocado was just OK; unfortunately, the ""crispy"" tempura coating got a little soggy as I waited for everyone else's entrees to arrive. Two salads came with no dressing, but the waiter apologized and brought over a big bowl immediately. Overall, it wasn't a bad lunch especially considering we stumbled upon the place looking for something else. "	2.0
541	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-04-19		Returning from Cali, it's always such a downer when looking for good sushi in this land locked city.  Maki maki is a very unassuming corner restaurant; however, don't let that fool you.  We ordered sashimi delux and some of the rolls to include crunchy spicy tuna.  Sashimi delux was indeed delux with thick slices of fresh fish (yes, fresh!) and a side of brown rice!  All the rolls were made with brown rice upon request and I was amazed at the texture and flavor.  Also, they have Kirin light, which in my opinion is far superior to other light beers.  This place by far kicks arse and beats out all other sushi joints in this area. 	5.0
542	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-05-29		I went there for lunch today.  The crunch spicy tuna rolls were very deelish.  I loved the decoration, too.  Not a huge place, but very friendly atmosphere (and clean!).  Next time I go, I will try some of their daily specials ;) 	4.0
543	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-10-07		my partner and i have been frequenting this joint for the last 2 years, first stumbling upon it (an act of god?) when he turned the wrong way on the way home and stopped strictly out of convenience. since then, we have branched out and regretted it.... from now on, only maki maki! in general, im not a diehard california roll fan, but i find theirs quite appetizing. worth a shot. no weird stick-crab-thing here.  we also love any of the crunch rolls and the eel roll. i love their spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail and spicy anything.  its crazy that 2 people can eat LOTS of sushi for 20something dollars. its definitely worth a shot and the order is always ready for pickup by the time i get there. 	5.0
544	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-09-05		Delicious, well-priced sushi and tempura in a cozy, friendly venue.  Have only been twice, but look forward to many more visits! 	4.0
545	maki-maki-bethesda	2009-04-22		OK went to Maki Maki for lunch with the wife. Ordered the lunch special 5.95 2 Rolls and a Veggie tempura box 7.95. I got Boston Roll and California and wife got Philly roll and spicy tuna. Sushi was not great but not horrible. I would say this is an average Sushi joint. I think we should of gone to Hinode for the all you can eat if we knew it was average. The service was quick and we both ate for $25 including tip. Parking was great being in Bethesda. 	3.0
546	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-08-08		Their gyoza are the best we've ever had. Their lunch special is an unbeatable deal and is always very good. The service is why we only give them 4 stars. I drink very fast and they never once refilled my water. We will continue to go there but they need to step up the waitress service. 	4.0
547	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-03-03		Sushi is made to order so there's no concern food has been sitting out. The service is very good. In addition to great rolls, I've tried the sesame chicken which was also quite tasty. 	4.0
548	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-01-21		Great sushi at a great price - you can't ask for much more. The lunch specials are very reasonable and everything I've had was delicious. Try the oyster roll special - very tasty. For me, this is the best sushi options in the area. 	4.0
549	maki-maki-bethesda	2010-03-03		Having been to many of the local sushi restaurants, this one is the best value hands down.  Their rolls are not as exotic as some others, however the fish is fresh and the prices are good.  Great place for inexpensive sashimi. 	5.0
550	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-04-11		best sushi in bethesda and maybe dc area.  really fresh fish and large pieces.  the crazy makei is incredible 	5.0
551	maki-maki-bethesda	2011-6-21		Found this place on yelp and was expecting a lot bigger of a place from the reviews. Drove right past the place. After finding it, we walked in on a Friday night and there was a total of 3 people in the restaurant. We got seated right away and the server took our drink orders. The service was excellent and the sushi was quickly made and amazing. Girlfriend got gyoza which she said was some of the best she's ever had. We will be going back this Friday with friends.	5.0
552	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-09-28		This is a no-frills, solid option for sushi in Bethesda. If you want fresh, high quality sushi, Aji will fulfill your needs. I have tried a variety of their nigiri and sashimi, special rolls, and their nabeyaki udon. Also, one time we accidentally ordered the baked green mussels (don't ask how it happened) but those were also very good.   I worked in a sushi restaurant for over 5 years so I know good sushi when I see it. This is a small family-owned and operated restaurant literally run by a couple and their son. Very nice people, great service, and great food. It's more traditional than trendy, but if I had a choice between here and Raku (also in downtown Bethesda), I'd come here almost every time. 	4.0
553	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-05-12		There are nine other sushi spots in the downtown Bethesda area, and their strongest edge is in friendly service and tea; on fish quality and location, they aren't quite able to compete. A little warm inside after dark, but we stopped in with just enough time left to dine in. Miso soup was okay, but the salad was pretty wilted on the bottom. Japanese chirashi is a little limited for the price: less than a centimeter layer of rice under five sushi types and a twirl of seaweed salad. Salmon was freshest, and the subtly sweet tamago was my next favorite. White tuna was okay. Tuna was cut extremely thin, and yellowtail was a little chewy. I guess they no longer include snapper in their chirashi! Spicy Mindy roll showcased an aggressive level of sriracha mayo, so thankfully a slice of cantaloupe was served with our check. I don't think I'll be back to try their Korean chirashi. 	2.0
554	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-04-20		I tried this place to see if I could find another sushi place I really liked in Bethesda. Well, I tried a variety of rolls and while it's ok, this isn't going to be my go-to place. Sigh. 	3.0
555	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-01-09		Definitely consider this restaurant as a hidden gem in Bethesda.  Service is on-point and every time I've gone, I've always been greeted with a smile.  The sushi is really high-quality - my absolute favorite roll is the Spicy Crazy Roll. It's sooooo gooood! Their yakisoba's also really yummy.  Tip: you can get 2-hr validated parking (dinnertime) if you park in the garage around back, so you can have an amazing meal and have time to walk around Bethesda Row after! 	5.0
556	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-05-03		"There's an old saying that a rotten apple spoils the whole barrel which best explains my experience with this restaurant... So disappointed with one dish that I would not want to visit again. Everything was nice or not bad except for its ""Ramen."" Such a disappointment. Especially when it costs $10 per bowl....... Though it didn't taste bad, but I felt deceived........  Full review with more photos and information: <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwp.me%2Fp5e05O-ly&amp;s=86ea104c4202c4abf0227f96e84cf78916d7ba7175a9511c47cfb59facf3b9c3"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">wp.me/p5e05O-ly</a> "	2.0
557	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2014-07-06		Serene, small space with framed prints on the walls. Very nice service. As usual, Kirin and chirashi. Miso soup was standard, a bit salty. Salad was mostly iceberg, but I tasted toasted sesame oil in the dressing, and it did not have the usual cloying sweetness and ginger overlaod. Best surimai ever - there wasn't any! Tomago properly sweet and firm. I wonder if anyone but Jiro gets that little caramelized edge I saw in the PBS show. Rice correct in flavor and temperature. The only vegetable was a healthy dollop of shredded seaweed salad. Snapper, white tuna, yellow tail, salmon, tuna all excellent in texture and flavor. Very good portions, especially at a reasonable $17.95. The house made green tea ice cream was better than Häagen-Dazs.  Five stars for excellence of fish, despite my quibbles on the accompaniments.  On Sundays, the church bells drive Betheelzebub, the parking demon, back into its lair. Otherwise, see the photo of the sign on the front door for the location of validated parking. Also, it's a short walk to the Elm Street municipal garage. 	5.0
558	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-09-18		This is my favorite restaurant in Bethesda.  The food is delicious, well-priced, and the owners are extremely nice.  In a town full of chain restaurants with little character, this restaurant is a breath of fresh air!  I enjoy eating in, but it seems that most get take-out.  No need for reservations, there is usually plenty of room. 	5.0
559	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2015-02-08		Our next door neighbors recommended. Have seen this place for years but never went in. My take out order was fast and was some of the best sushi/sashimi I have ever had anywhere. Fresh and good portions. 	4.0
560	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2013-10-28		Aww this place deserves more stars. Come on people... I'm giving them 5 stars. I would've said 4.5, but I'm gonna give them the boost because their sushi is fresh (authentic with that little dot of wasabi under the sashimi), their service is welcoming, and their prices are super affordable... it's not flashy, that is the only thing... but this is one of those times where you don't need all the fuss because they have that cute mom'n'pop feel. This was seriously a neighborhood gem that I cannot believe I didn't find the past two and a half years, until today... three days before moving. Please pass the word on, because I bet people just don't know about it. It's diagonal across from Euro Motor Cars and tiny... find it and enjoy! 	5.0
561	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2012-11-17		My boss took me to lunch here, and it was overall quite good. I really liked the dressing on their salad. The edamame was salted, which I didn't like. The aged tofu was really good and was my favorite dish. It's amazing how they fry the tofu so that it's a thin, perfect layer of crispy on the outside but very soft on the inside. My udon entree was okay, nothing special.   You don't have to pay for parking at the garage next door if you bring your parking receipt to the restaurant. 	4.0
562	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-04-30		"A co-worker and I visited this charming little spot for a Japanese lunch, after discovering (and not having done the research to realize) that Ren's Ramen is closed on Mondays.   There was actually a decent crowd seated in the small dining area - several booths on the right and tables on the left. The lighting is dim and there is minimal decor but there is still a cozy feeling about the place. A single server quickly attended to the dining room and immediately seated us in the far booth.  Upon entering, we noted the specials board and my co-worker took full advantage by ordering the spicy pork rice bowl (<a href=""http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1vVDBE3YoSLzVhtQ4PA_zg?select=fqTrhDvMPRoL66jVFy0UOQ"">yelp.com/biz_photos/1vVD…</a>). Wanting something more, I opted for the shrimp tempura bento box (<a href=""http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1vVDBE3YoSLzVhtQ4PA_zg?select=OK5RdLBYKOyL-q68JRjRrA"">yelp.com/biz_photos/1vVD…</a>). Both of our selections came with miso soup and a salad with a gingery dressing.   My bento box was filled with crab shumai, california roll and the shrimp and vegetable tempura. It was tasty enough but if we're doing a price/quantity comparison to the bento boxes up the street at Raku, it doesn't seem like it's enough for the cost. My lunch companion seemed pretty satisfied with his lunch choice, however so it really kind of varies dish to dish.   Would I return? Possibly. But it is far from the top of my list for Japanese in Bethesda. "	3.0
563	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2013-10-05		Best Sushi in Bethesda!  Not to mention the tastiest ginger salad dressing, ever. While we generally pick it up as take out, every few weeks we dine in and always receive very attentive and kind service. 	5.0
564	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2014-05-30		Someone dear to us brought us to this place for the first time, so it holds a special place in my heart. That lady and friend lived in Japan for a while and told us the food was good. And she's right! Their miso and salad dressing are delicious. We usually take their dinner box which includes a little bit of everything. Perfect! The ice cream is pretty good too. Very cheap and delicious, a good address. Location easy to miss though since it's squashed between two other buildings. 	5.0
565	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2013-03-24		Cute and reminds us of NY. Like Gary said, it's old school. In a good way.  Sushi is very good, but I have a couple problems. $10 special roll I got wasn't much bigger than regular $5 hand roll. It was more intricate, and delicious, but give me some more bang for my buck here. Also, only shrimp tempura roll on the menu is a special roll. Where's the plain $5 shrimp tempura roll?  Maybe best sushi in town tho. 	4.0
566	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2014-01-14		Excellent sushi in a relaxing environment. I have been coming here for years and it never disappoints. The sukiyaki, prepared fresh at your table, is also delicious. Attentive, quick service. Good desserts: including ice cream in flavors such as green tea, red bean and ginger. I have ordered several sushi party platters here and been told by guests it was the best sushi ever. 	5.0
567	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2013-09-11		Yuzu tea! Hot water, sweet syrup, little bits of yuzu (a citrus fruit) peel in the bottom and a spoon to eat this with ... never had this anywhere else. I'm sure it's not everyone's 'cup of,' and literally it isn't that at all (tea, that is), but it sure is mine! Vegetarian bento box, respectful staff, the decor seems to be undergoing some kind of construction, with writing on the walls that makes me think something such as a picture will be put up there -- but I have no idea if this is true. The food came surprisingly quickly, was pretty and filling, and it was easy to peruse the menu, order, be served, eat, pay and leave within the one-hour limit for free validated parking in the hidden garage at the corner of the adjoining lot. Incidentally, when the garage is filled to capacity you can still get in with free valet parking. For dessert, I asked if they had mochi ice cream and yes, they did. Mochi is a pounded, very sticky rice yumminess and the ice cream comes wrapped in it. It's served on a plate with a stick to be stuck through the rice-layer and inner frozen treat. It's easy to eat, not messy and not too big or filling. The only thing to know, as far as I'm concerned, is if you want something Japanese drink-wise you might have to ask for it a couple of times. Otherwise you'll only be offered boring American stuff like sodas which to me is a big turn-off yuck. But it only takes seconds of persistence to break through that barrier, much like the mochi ice cream! And ... if you've never had edamame (soybeans served here in salted skins), don't eat the outer layer. It's kinda tough. Oh, yeah. And they close between three and five weekdays, much like almost every single authentic and truly Japanese restaurant in the area will. I guess other than the strangeness of the literal writing on the walls, the only reason I give it a four and not five star rating is I felt a bit lonely in there, dining all alone. I'd rather see at least another customer! I know it's not because they're not popular, but I just happened to hit a slow time. Please, come in and keep me company! 	4.0
568	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-10-04		To be honest, I don't know why my mother and I ended up here when we could tell just by looking at the outside that it may not be a favorite. But we were sick of driving around on a Saturday looking for a restaurant that we wanted to try - Ren's Ramen that ended up being closed. And then driving around some more looking for parking. We drove by this so many times that we thought why not give it a try - might be fate.   We sat down and ordered cha soba (green tea soba) in soup, seaweed salad, age tofu and some maki rolls. The food wasn't bad, yet wasn't worth returning. Everything seemed standard and a tad overpriced for the quality of the food. The service was pretty good and efficient but it didn't do anything for me. I'll continue my search for more great Japanese joints in the area. 	3.0
569	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2014-05-05		Very nice ambience , friendly service , and good food. A little pricey but well worth the package ! 	4.0
570	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2009-09-25		While trying to go to Ren's Ramen last night, I discovered that they close at 7.  To make up for it, I decided to try Aji-Nippon.  I used to live a couple blocks away and would pass it every single day on my way to the metro, yet I never stopped in.    The restaurant, like Juliana C. said, is very small and cozy.  There aren't that many tables and is in fact only one waitress.  She was very friendly and attentive.    I ended up getting a bento style box for my main course which featured marinated steak with onions, a california roll (not very impressive), shrimp dumplings (excellent) and started with a miso soup and salad.  Overall, I wasn't all that impressed with the steak, however, the salad, soup, and dumpings made up for it.  If I were to go back here, I would stick to sushi, and only sushi.  That was my mistake.  I didn't have a chance to read through the Yelp reviews before I ordered.  Regardless, this place is very homey, however, I have had better Japanese meals closer to my apartment.  It is unlikely that I would go out of my way to come here, but if you stick to sushi, I think you'll be alright. 	3.0
571	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2011-12-14		This place is old school, but the sushi is TOP NOTCH.  By old school, I mean it isn't trendy.  It's not hip, doesn't have dimmed lights and cool music pumping through the speaker system.   But the sushi cannot be beat, and the folks who work there take real pride in their food and service.  Also great for carryout.   Next time Raku tells you that you have to wait 30 mins, skip it. Just walk the few blocks to Aji Nippon. Trust me. I don't like many things about Bethesda, but this place is good stuff.  Go Bulls. 	5.0
572	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2009-02-18		If I hadn't moved to an apartment on Bradley Boulevard a year ago, I would probably never know this place existed. It's a tiny, blink-and-you-miss-it sushi place, tucked just beyond the corner CVS. There are about twelve tables max, and contrary to what a previous reviewer posted, I have never seen more than three occupied on any given visit.   Of note: Aji-Nippon is closed for lunch on Saturdays and all of Sunday.  The restaurant is cozy and minimally decorated, with the sushi bar in plain sight in the back left corner. The chef is super friendly, and every time I've come in for pickup he's thanked me for my order. There only seems to be one server, a very pleasant woman who is attentive without ever hovering.   Whenever my roommate and have a sit-down meal we always order two rolls each, and they bring us soup and salad and this little marinated tofu square for free. The miso is good quality, the salad is your standard mixed with peanut ginger dressing, and the tofu square is surprisingly palatable.  The prices are a little high; their specialty rolls run around $10, but are about the same size as their standards. My favorites are the Volcano and the Caterpillar, but I've never come across a roll I didn't like here. The fish is always fresh, and the ingredients are, dare I say it, perky? I'm seriously lucky to have Aji Nippon to go to when I'm too lazy to hit up the (inexplicably shady as hell) Safeway for groceries. 	4.0
573	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2012-02-22		I am a BIG fan of this place.  Sushi is awesome, and the service is fantastic. I am surprised not more people know about this place. It is not the cheapest place, but I feel like the prices are fair. I would have easily given five stars had it not been for one thing:  They used to have a Dallas Cowboys trash can towards the front. When I saw that it almost ruined the place for me. I think they might have gotten rid of it by now though. But if it wasn't for that one downfall - 5 Stars easily. 	4.0
574	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-08-22		They call this restaurant Japanese fusion because they do not know how to do authentic Japanese food right.  I went here by myself one night and I was the only one dining there.  This seems to be a family restaurant and they seemed to be nice Korean people.  But the food was barely edible, and I have a high tolerance for bad food, considering I can enjoy eating what I cook.  They should stick to Korean dishes. 	2.0
575	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-02-03		My coworkers and I originally were going to eat lunch at a different place, but learned that it was closed that day. Pressed on time, we did a quick Yelp search and found this place to get good reviews, not to mention it was less than a block from where we were.  Although the place is clean and the lunch prices adequate, I found the the food portions to be small and a bit on the salty side. In addition, I found the service to be a bit slow,  but pretty decent considering that there were only two people on staff and about 4 groups of people eating the same time we were.  On to the food.  While my coworkers ordered the Salmon Teriyaki &amp; Tempura Lunch Box, Beef Rice Bowl; I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki &amp; Tempura Lunch Box. Like my coworkers, we all found the miso soup and main entree to be a bit salty.   In my attempt to balance out the saltiness with the rice, I found that the small amount of rice to not be enough for the small amount of chicken teriyaki I was given.  Unfortunately, for my coworker, who ordered the beef rice bowl, she could not finish half of it due to the overflavor of the salt.  On the positive side, the salad dressing was delicious (the lettuce could have been more fresh) and the prices pretty reasonable (my lunch box was $9.95). However, I will warn you that they do have hidden charges, what you may get complimentary at other stores (green tea, side dishes), you will have to pay for here.  Even though I despise writing off any restaurants, I do not think that I will be dining here anytime soon. 	2.0
576	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-02-03		"I've been here a couple of times since then. And if I could, I'd rate this place 6 stars.  Especially after the last time a friend and I went. We came about 6 or so on a friday, and it was packed. First thing I thought was ""uh oh"". I was aware that a small family runs the place, and that not many people work there.  However, that didn't stop the amazingness. My friend ordered Yakisoba and I ordered Chirashi, plus we shared some sushi...First of all, I have never tasted Yakisoba so good. Just the smell was heavenly, and it was the first time I hadn't seen it drowned in boiled cabbage. Second, their Chirashi is the best I have ever had, ever. There was so much fish, such a nice variety, and I drool in the memory of it. I took a picture of it, and the sushi, and I'm sure I'll upload it here at some point. But I was absolutely blown away. We were even raving about how delicious the dressing on the salad was XD  Their crunchy roll is the best I've had anywhere, hands down. They have beautiful variety in their spicy sushi too, which happens to be my favorite kind. And it's all delicious.  In short, this place is amazing. I did not expect to be wowed as I usually was on a night that they were so busy, but I think I was more wowed then than I ever was. I've come here a couple of other times on slow nights and tried their dinner boxes and such, but my god...that heavenly chirashi will probably be my first choice from here on. I only regret that I live far away, and can only manage to come down twice a year or so. If you have an opportunity to come by, absolutely do.  Tis my favorite sushi place in Bethesda, and on earth, after all. "	5.0
577	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-04-07		Eh.  I had high hopes for this restaurant but I was pretty disappointed. My friend said that it used to be pretty decent, but when we came for dinner recently, it was not particularly good. I got a katsu and my friend got some tuna sushi rolls which were plain and the fish didn't seem super fresh. I also felt like the food was a bit overpriced. Almost everything was around the $12-$15 price point. Maybe it's just what we got, but I'm not a huge fan... 	2.0
578	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2012-03-16		This place was...eh. My fiance and I started with shrimp dumplings, which tasted good, but were about half the size of what I'd consider normal appetizer dumplings. The Chicken Teriyaki was waaaay overpriced ($16) for what it was - which was average, rubbery chicken and the smallest bowl of white rice that I've seen with an entree. The meal did come with soup and a salad drenched in dressing, but it wasn't even close to being worth $16. My fiance said her sushi was pretty good, however. Nevertheless, we agreed that we wouldn't be back. Bethesda has a lot better to offer. 	2.0
579	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2009-10-27		Sushi was not that fresh on a Monday night.  Tuna was good but some of the other things were a little off.      Seaweed soup was a bit unusual and interesting.  If you really like seaweed, which I do, this was the best part about this place, although probably not worth the whole visit.  Next time would go somewhere else give the many other great choices locally.  If you eat a lot of good sushi, you will not be wowed by this place. 	2.0
580	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-08-23		The reviews I read were a mix - Aji Nippon I thought was japanese but it turned out korean-owned. They were opened on Sundays when I called, but some Yelpers mentioned it was closed on SUN. In between it all, the restaurant must have changed hands. It's a modest restaurant with limited seating. I ordered a small bottle of sapporo to start but soon found myself not wanting anything else. I also read about being safest to order sushi there. I ordered the chirashi - it was a pathetic small bowl of rice about 1/4 inch thin covered with flatly sliced sashimi - lots of salmon and tuna, a couple of omelets and meagre slices of yellow tail? It was a very bad attempt in decorating the bowl it was a patchwork of tuna/salmon. *yawn*. The chirashi lacked variety! The sashimi were fresh but very boring and unappetizing. Most people came in their workout outfit or tshirt/shorts ordering to go. It's a No-More for me. 	2.0
581	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2010-01-21		Aji-Nippon is so delicious!  My family loves it. It's so funny that it's in a place like Bethesda. ( I also love the Japanese market around the corner.) My husband and I moved from LA where we could get great Japanese around the corner, down the street- etc., but after moving here it was really hard to find a place locally that serves shabu-shabu. It's it Dee~licious. The sushi is good, it's been really fresh when we go. (Remember not to eat sushi Monday nights- the fish markets are closed on Sunday) The service is really friendly, and has a really warm family atmosphere. We haven't been there in a while, hmmmm. maybe we'll go this weekend! 	4.0
582	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2008-08-05		Three important things about this place:  1. phenomenal sushi 2. its 'hidden in plain view' location makes it emminently missable - I only went in for the first time as i was at the post office.... 3. family run, brilliant service  pound for pound this is one of Bethesda's gems.... 	4.0
583	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2013-01-10		AMAZING sushi! Always delicious, fast and friendly service.  I can't speak for any of their other food, as I always stick with sushi 	5.0
584	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2011-10-11		This place is GREAT!  You would never know this place is where it is unless you are walking by.  The service is GREAT!  The sushi is sooooo FRESH everytime I go!  Highly, recommend! 	4.0
585	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2012-12-07		Despite its humble setting, this restaurant continues to provide great quality food consistently. We like to support local business! 	5.0
586	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2007-05-13		"Every time I drive down Arlington Road in Bethesda, I would pass by Aji Nippon and think ""What a random place for a restaurant"".  Tucked between the post office and the CVS  it is easy to miss! We went to check it out, not feeling like going to our other sushi standbys in Bethesda, and are now in love.  The cosy, quiet and old school interior, the excellent (competitively priced) sushi and the extensive Japanese menu.  My sushi came with a yummy salad and a little appetizer of marinated tofu. Excellent!  Sure there are non sushi dishes you might find at any other Japanese/Sushi place, but you can also get other interesting Japanese dishes if you are not in the mood for sushi.   When we went home and googled the place, we found out that the chef, Kazuo Honma is  from Furano, Hokkaido and is way into golf  (which explained all the golf pictures and signatures on the wall in between the Japanese prints)- so all the pro Japanese golfers eat there on tour in the states when they are in DC.  The only downer is sodas come in a can with ice - which is ok for most people but I LOVE a fountain soda - but that is not enough to keep us away! "	5.0
587	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2011-08-20		The good reviews seem to be from the past, except for two reviews by someone I suspect of being a friend, because the reviews are so unrealistic.  We didn't try the sushi.  The salad dressing tasted terrific.     BUT we both had horrible meals.  We packed it up and selfishly gave it to someone who looked hungry and homeless.     The food was flavorless--cooked without any ability with short ribs (Korean) OR sukiyaki (Japanese).    I've lived in Japan--this was bad cooking with no flavor of the dishes we ordered.    The dishes cost a lot but were very skimpy on meat and even on vegetables and noodles, but lots of water.   I didn't find even one mushroom cap in my sukiyaki.  Prices were too high for this poor quality.  Beef short ribs didn't come on the bone but came like fajitas--no bones, no flavor, mushy texture, lots of grease.   I believe this was just cut-up beef, not short ribs at all, and it certainly didn't taste anything like short ribs normally do.   Smiling staff, clean tables--service was normal.   But we won't go again and really regret going this time. 	1.0
588	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2008-06-10		Best sushi in the metro area, hands down.  I used to live a few blocks away from Aji Nippon and would always pass it on my walk home from the metro.  I don't recall a time there were more than two or three tables in the place, so don't be dismayed.  The sushi is definitely some of the best I've ever had, and that's a lot of sushi.  The sushi chef is very friendly and you can tell that he loves what he does and he's been doing it for-e-ver.  One waitress seems to handle all dozen or so tables as well as carry out orders.  But the service is still great and very quick.  Usually, I order carry out, and if I run to CVS and back in about 10 minutes, my CA roll and nigiri is ready and waiting for me.  Often, the kind waitress will throw in a nice little side salad with delicious soy ginger dressing at no extra charge.    My one concern would be that it is pricier than most run-of-the-mill japanese houses (if I recall, about $6 for a CA roll?.)  But, personally, it is definitely worth it! 	5.0
589	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2008-03-17		this place gets packed! 7:30 PM for two - sat at the bar, which is fine. my bf ordered the chirashi and I got a bunch of nigiri and rolls. we decided to throw in something from the korean menu - seafood pancake!  the seafood was most fresh. the sushi chef was non stop busy. kept on doing his thing. the uni was piled high :) . the hotate was sprinkled with some green onions. the volcano had the perfect amount of sauce and the extra tempura crunch is a better alternative to Parmesan cheese, which some other restaurants usually use. the spider roll did not fall apart, but maybe its bc i'm on the east coast and they use maryland blue crab here instead of the mondo huge soft shell crabs of california.  thumbs up: fresh seafood. friendly staff.  thumbs down: location - corner of the turn! since it was packed, the waitress kind of forgot about us, but the waiter (i think the owner's son) did not. very helpful. 	4.0
590	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2008-09-02		I'll keep this one very short and simple.  ~Pros~ Prices Tempura Salad  ~Con~ The sashimi was a bit on the thinner side (I could see right through it) Slow service  In all it's an average joe place.  I wouldn't be going out of my way to come here. 	2.0
591	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2011-12-15		Aji Nippon is a quintessential neighborhood sushi place - to which I would drive miles to go.  The owners are Japanese, and the sushi chef is Japanese.  When you walk in, you often see alot of Japanese (and many others) enjoying the food there.  Need I say more?  Yes.  The sushi is super fresh, the rice (which speaks volumes) is fab, the cooked dishes that my friends, family and I have had have all been delicious.  The prices are reasonable for the quality you are getting.  Best of all, they serve plenty of vegetarian and vegan dishes, in addition to the wide array of meat and fish appetizers and entrees.  Oh yes, and the soups - have all been top notch.  Everything is very fresh and homemade, including the sauces, dressings (dressing on the salad that comes with your meal - I could eat by itself) soups, ice creams and desserts, everything.  You can eat in or take out.   It is not a huge place, but it is warm and cozy.  Wow.  Bottom line:  Aji Nippon is a real gem and I will be going back again and again.  PS. Try the teriyaki on anything and the tempura - light and crispy not overly fried, to name a few - YUM! 	5.0
592	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2009-10-5		Personally, out of all the places my friend and I have traveled in the Metro Area, this was our favorite. It is hard to find though- we actually walked by it a few times, and only noticed it on the way back to the metro from Daruma's. It is small, and hard to notice, but it wasn't busy, so we got excellent service.   We took a seat at the sushi bar, where my first order of business was to observe the sashimi that the chef was handling. It looked so fresh and tasty- it made us order a bunch of different kinds right away. Usually, when we try a new place, we'd order a simple roll to check the quality of the fish and rice to ensure we aren't ordering a huge helping of disappointment. But we dove right into trying the specialty rolls.   At this point, I can't even remember what it was that we ordered, but both my friend and I were thrilled when we got our plate- and actually took a few minutes to snap some pics with our phones. The plating was beautiful, and it all looked so tasty. They weren't skimpy with the fish or size. Not to mention the taste....probably some of the best specialty rolls I've had in my life. My friend's favorite was the rainbow roll, and mine was one of the spicy rolls. I'll have to go again to figure out exactly what it was, but it was amazing.   The service was great, the resturaunt is cosy and quiet, the food was outstanding, the people were nice, and not to mention we met a few yelpers there. I'm moving to New York City soon, which will probably present a challenge for my favorite sushi bar, but as of now, Aji-nippon is my favorite, and definitely the best in Bethesda, hands down.	5.0
593	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2009-04-04		Nice place. Small. Very well hidden. I would recommend it completely. It's probably the best sushi place in Bethesda. 	4.0
594	aji-nippon-restaurant-bethesda	2007-09-26		You MUST go to this place!  Best freshest fish I have had within 50 miles.  Consistently amazing.  I eat sushi three times a week, and would go here every time if I could.  I have been to 30 sushi places in the DC area and the fish is hands down the best here. 	5.0
595	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-11-18		Cool Place, met a friend here after work for happy hour (this review is for the happy hour menu items only). I enjoyed several items off of the happy hour menu which ranged from seaweed salad to galbi soft tacos, and of course drinks.   I started with the steamed shrimp shumai, six nice sized pieces of shumai and the dipping sauce had great flavor. Next was the agedashi tofu, again nice size squares of lightly fried tofu. However I felt this dipping sauce could of had more flavor. Then it was on to the galbi tacos, two soft tacos with galbi, cabbage, pico and some sauce, I don't know what the sauce was but I enjoyed it.   The drinks were also a hit. I enjoyed several that involved Japanese whisky.... Never had Japanese whisky before, it's good stuff! 	4.0
596	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-12-12		I went here on a Friday night. I thought the restaurant looked pretty nice and the service was good.    I got the Galbi tacos as my appetizer.  The tacos were decent, nothing special.  My Bibimbap entree came with a salad and miso soup.  Both the miso soup and salad were pretty average when compared to other restaurants.  The Bibimbap was a disappointment, it was the blandest Bibambap I have every had in comparison to what I have gotten at Korean restaurants.  It was probably a bad idea to get the Korean dish at a Japanese restaurant.    Overall my experience was OK, nothing really special.  Next time I come here I will try their Japanese dishes and update my review. 	3.0
597	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-10-08		This is my first yelp review ever. I always use yelp to find a good place and will start to contribute my time to write a review. The first one we got was green tea which was almost colored warm water. So, I was worried about miso soup. But this was very tasty. Seaweed salad was also pretty good, but tasted exactly like ones from Costco.   I ordered Chirashi, pretty pricy, but I found it very good. The sashimi on it was very good. Sushi rice under sashimi was plenty! I could eat only the half of it. My husband ordered tonkatsu. The tonkatsu itself was juicy and tasty, but sauce was already on it and it make Katsu soggy. The same sogginess is the cabbage. They put sliced cabbage underneath the tonkatsu and it was not good. The amount of cabbage was tiny, too. We think cabbage part is very important to enjoy good tonkatsu meal! 	3.0
598	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-05-06		Wow, such FAB service from Ms. Joanna. As soon as I walked in she greeted me and informed me of the Happy Hour options that were going on. I was looking to sit on the patio...no dice, HH is only in the bar area. Hence, she was so outgoing I opted to stay inside. Her menu &amp; service skills were awesome and she was on point from start to finish. I looked at the menu and was impressed of their variety, as some HH menus are lacking thereof. Hanaro actually offers a good selection for HH.    I started off with the Seaweed Salad and it was very fresh and not too heavy on the seasonings and vinegar. Due to the small selections of wines, I opted for their House Cab and was content. Cab or Shiraz are my back up wines if Malbec is a choice.    After viewing the nice selections of rolls, I went with the Salmon &amp; Avocado and for $5 per roll, it was pretty big. I was on foodie greed, so after I devoured that roll, I ordered a few pieces of Smoked Salmon &amp; White Tuna Sashimi.  It came out with nice presentation, and was cut perfectly for the price.   After a slow break and wine glass #2, I opted for one more roll &amp; selected the Hanaro Roll without the crabmeat &amp; it was delicious...and it didn't bother me that this roll was $7.  I guess those are considered the HH specialty rolls.   Overall this place is a nice and quaint spot with a Sport's bar atmosphere. Their patio is fenced in, will sit outside next time I visit, regardless if it's HH or not.   Kudos to Joanna...really great customer service and good sushi for HH. 	4.0
599	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-03-31		For the price, food, and service 4 stars. I've eaten dinner here once which was good and they had live music which was fun.  I recently ate here for lunch and got the 10 dollar bento box which was delicious and a great lunchtime deal.  If you want good sushi I highly recommend them. Much better than some of the other sushi joints around Bethesda. 	4.0
600	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-10-05		The restaurant looked trendy but that's it. Now the cons are the mediocre fusion dishes . When I asked the server what exactly was in the dish , she looked very confused as if I was speaking a different language..  Their sushi was decent though but a little overpriced for what you get. 	3.0
601	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-12-09		Good sushi for the price. Waitress was very attentive and ambiance was perfect. I would highly recommend! 	5.0
602	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-11-30		I got take out from here the other night and it was just okay. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't good either. It is also very over priced for the portions they give you. 	2.0
603	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-04-08		A consistently great option for dinner in Bethesda.   Hanaro is one of those rare establishments in Bethesda that's reasonably priced for the mid-upper-scale dinning experience it offers. It's great for date night, or a group dinner, but allows it's patrons to be on the more casual side without feeling out-of-place.   The service is friendly and engaged. The sushi menu is respectable, and they offer other meals for those times a girl just prefers something cooked. (Bibimbap is delicious!)   Now that Blackfinn next door is closed, I wonder if Hanaro will become more of a 'hot-spot' in the area. The space historically has provided a safe haven for anyone trying to avoid the drunken messes of Blackfiin/Union Jacks/Tommy Joes. It'll be interesting to see what happens! 	4.0
604	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-03-07		Still lovin this place. They added a couple different sushi rolls to the HH menu. I just tried the yellow tail and jalapeño for $5. They also had three special drinks with pisco (a spin on the pisco sour, a pisco with lime and coke, and one with pisco and ginger). I love their HH, pretty cheap and decent sushi and great hot sake. 	4.0
605	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-08-25		Are you joking me? This place has been right under my nose all this time and I didn't know it?! Thank you Dear Yelp for bringing this matter to my attention. My coworker and I went to get some lunch and keep going to the new Bethesda shoppes area, and forget to walk up towards all the restaurants off Woodmont and the St. Elmo area. Hello! So what did I do? I Yelped it of course. Helllllooooo Hanaro!  What a fabulous find! Especially for lunch!  (wow I am using a lot of exclamation points, but I was really that surprised and excited)  We both ordered bento boxes: terriyaki shrimp, rice, dumpling, soup, salad, half an order of California rolls, and a watermelon slice to refresh your palate at the end. Just ten bucks! I'm gonna say it... better than Raku down the street and cheaper. Plus checking in on yelp got us free edamame to start. We needed to at least taste their actual raw sushi though, despite already having so much food, so we split an order of the salmon avocado roll. Very good. Not skimpy, nice plump pieces of fish.  *One star shy of a perfect score because I wish they had more variety of rolls, or were more lax about substitutions. But not too big of a deal, because overall I will 100% be back. 	4.0
606	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-03-28		Hands down one of my favorite sushi bars in the area. It's reasonably priced and the food always looks so pretty coming out - it's presented really well. The service is always great, and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere. My favorite thing to order here is probably either the tempura roll, or the baked California roll minus the fish (I'm vegetarian). For those of you who aren't sushi fans there are also a number of cooked options.  If you live around here, I'd recommend that you check it out. Around 6-630ish is the best time if you don't like packed restaurants. 	5.0
607	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-11-11		Came here for happy hour last week...very impressed! There were plenty of sushi options for $7 or less, and they were delicious. The sushi was incredibly fresh and we had no complaints. The happy hour lasts until 7, but the place was pretty empty until about 6:30, then people started packing in. Can't wait to come back! 	4.0
608	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-03-13		If you're coming here to eat anything other than sushi, don't... wow was the other food bad, lol. They incorporate a bunch of items from other countries, but then give it an american twist... Americanized asian food sucks in my opinion. Depends on your taste though, I guess... The wings were decent, but nothing special. Ordered some type of shrimp that was battered and tasted like it had a sauce similar to sweet and sour sauce... (asian kind, not mcdonalds kind). We ordered the dragon roll and fire cracker rolls-- they were about the same as other places. Then got the galbi tacos and the steak. Tacos were so-so but the steak was overcooked and flavorless.   If you come here, just stick with the sushi in terms of food or just drink. Bartenders here are fun and easy on the eyes~! 	3.0
609	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-05-20		Came here Tuesday Night and it was pleasant and pretty chill.   Awesome place to hang out for drinks and sushi ! Staffs are on point, specially JB and owner's daughter ( forgot her name sorry !   Will come here more often now! 	5.0
610	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-11-25		"It's really a shame that my experience with Hanaro went the way that it did. From all of the other reviews that I'm seeing here, this really could have been a restaurant worth discovering and trying out so that my fiance and I could come back in the future, especially since we have been searching for a gold standard Japanese restaurant ever since we moved to the DC area. Unfortunately, they completely blew their chance during our recent visit, so we will not be coming back.  As with pretty much every other restaurant we have tried in the DC area, my fiance and I came in with a Groupon, which we do so that we can try more restaurants and check them out at a more affordable price before deciding if they are worth visiting at full price. The Groupon was good for basically a whole meal -- one bottle each of house sake, an appetizer, an entree each, and two orders of fried ice cream. I perused the menu and saw several vegetarian options, so I went ahead and bought it. Too bad they couldn't be bothered mentioning on the Groupon, their website, or anywhere else that the deal was not applicable to the whole menu but rather only to a minuscule menu of select items they chose to make sure that we weren't actually getting the discount we were supposed to be getting.  The employee who seated us and gave us the ""deal menus"" was different from the person who waited on us, so I guess they were either the host or another waiter? Either way they didn't know much about their own menu, because when I mentioned that nothing on the tiny menu was vegetarian and therefore I couldn't eat anything, he tried to suggest pad thai as an option. I mentioned that pad thai is made with fish sauce and he still didn't seem to understand the problem, so he said he would go check what they could do. The result was that my only option was vegetable dumplings for the appetizer and bibimbap without the fish in it for the entree. Okay, fine, I guess it's a plus that they even made an attempt to resolve the situation.   We finally get our actual waitress, who was much more pleasant and understanding than the first guy. As for the food, the honest truth is that basically everything was mediocre -- it was good enough that we ate it and to a degree enjoyed it, but not excellent enough to merit a return visit.  The house sake was really harsh in comparison to others that I've had, the gyoza did not look homemade (nor did they taste very interesting), and the bibimbap was fine but lacked seasoning.   Overall, the food was fine, but not enough to inspire us to come back, and the service from everyone but our final waitress proved to be somewhat lacking. That combined with the unnecessary deception and general disrespect for Groupon users just really turned me off. I understand if you want to not offer everything for a deal like that, but give us some options, and certainly be up front that you're going to do that. Groupon deals are there to build up your clientele, not alienate them. If you're going to have disdain for voucher users, don't offer the voucher at all.  Sorry, Hanaro, but we'll be taking our future business elsewhere. "	2.0
611	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-09-03		Just ordered delivery from here and it was lovely! Food was excellent and worth four stars, as was my service. That being said, it was a bit pricey (my $16 specialty roll wasn't very large though was delicious, given the price) and a $4 delivery fee seemed a bit unnecessary on top of it all. I'll probably stick with swinging by after work for pick-up or happy hour given the mark up, but it was definitely worth swinging by for. 	4.0
612	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-04-27		Give this place a try. It is a cut above many Japanese restaurants. Good service. Try the Oden soup. 	4.0
613	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-03-10		Love coming here for lunch! Great deals, delicious food, and great service. Great drinks as well such as their lychee martini 	4.0
614	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-11-17		Tasty sushi, great happy hour and amazing noodles.   I've been here about three times and the service was wonderful for two of those visits. The first two times were happy hour and our server walked us though the menu and recommended the best sushi, noodles and drink options. Good times were noted but the food wasn't memorable.   My third time was lunch. The lunch specials all seem tasty but the service is lacking. Maybe the happy hour servers spoiled me but the expectations didn't match up. The servers couldn't recommend anything and I needed up with not so yummy salmon rolls.  The bento box and tempura options looked good but I will only go back for happy hour.   Overall the sushi is good but not memorable. 	3.0
615	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-4-13		I love this place for happy hour which runs until 7. The service is amazing and there's outdoor seating--perfect when the weather is nice. They have great discounts on house sake at 6 bucks for a large one, and I think the domestic beer is 3 bucks. They also have 3 dollar rolls and one dollar off of their premium rolls. My fave rolls are the New philly and the Eel. Tip: Don't get the one with old bay, it's too salty. Also, they used to do trivia on Monday nights but don't anymore, unfortunately.	4.0
616	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-7-10		So I've been here twice now. I ordered the edamame, Oden soup, dragon rolls, volcano rolls, cherry blossom rolls, fire cracker rolls and lobster salad rolls. The dragon rolls were my favorite. I could have done with out the volcano rolls. The other 3 were definitely good but not amazing. The cherry blossom rolls have seaweed on it that I really liked. The inside of the lobster salad was delicious and the firecracker came had a good blend of spicy tuna &amp; salmon with a lot of this imitation type lobster stuff on top.   I'm not a huge fan of sushi because in my opinion, it's always overpriced, very similar after the wasabi &amp; soy sauce, and not that filling. However, after a women's Japanese victory in soccer against Germany, it is definitely the right choice of meals!	3.0
617	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-06		"I went to Hanaro this past weekend for a private party. Did you know ... the muffin man who lived on Drury Lane? Did you know ... that you can rent the small upstair loft area of Hanaro for private parties?  You can!  The space is nice but could be improved by a little more... lighting and circulation.  They do have sofas up their which make the area enjoyable for a lounge party type atmosphere.   I got to try several types of their sushi.  Because they were just put out for us to eat, I can't really tell you exactly what the name was on the rolls ( except a few).  What I CAN tell you is: all of them were absolutely delicious and fresh.  The tuna was noticeably of  high quality and the roll with eel on it was extremely tasty. The California roll was fairly standard but included roe rolled up in the roll?   Fried rice was delicious as well and the pad Thai like dish could have used a little more unh (flavor).  The fried calamari and the what our friends got to calling ""bang bang shrimp"" were perfectly fried crispy bits of heaven.  The sauce on the ""bang bang shrimp"" was delectable.  A very solid showing by Hanaro.  The server was on top of his game too.  He was on fire handling 20 different bills with, what seemed to be, ease.  Happy Graduation JT! It finally happened!  And thank you for the wonderful food at Hanaro! "	4.0
618	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-11-29		probably my favorite sushi place in Bethesda. I have never had a bad experience here and everything is always sooo good. The staff is super awesome and laid back, which is just my style. the bartenders will entertain you if you happen to be waiting for friends and grabbing a drink. I love the spicy tuna and the tacos. Definitely give them a try during their happy hour specials. 	5.0
619	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-07-28		The Bethesda restaurant scene is known for its local hits, short-lived misses and, as is proving most times to be the case, restaurants like Hanaro that fall squarely in between.   The service is quick and attentive to the point where you may even need to slow them down on an empty night. Water is constantly being refilled and requests for (pricey if not HH) drink orders come with every visit to the table. House saki (warm) is palatable, but not made to impress anyone.   The food is middle of the road--growing up on fresh Japanese food, Hanaro does not strike the right balance between high-quality, high-price cuisine and a place to get a fast bite of something to break up the sandwich / burger / salad monotony. Tempura ice cream was cool, but the seafood and chicken entrees were average. This is the type of place where putting in a few minutes more in the kitchen would enormously boost what comes out of it.   Oddly, it seems they comingle all tempura--that means your chicken and veggies may smell like fish.   I don't see me coming back, but probably won't argue against friends suggesting this place for HH and not dinner. 	3.0
620	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-06-26		This is the best sushi in Bethesda. Their special rolls are interesting and done very well with lots of fresh fish.  The standard rolls are very good as well, and the sushi by the piece is consistently the best around. I have enjoyed many of their appetizers, especially the chicken wings which are very memorable.  The service is very friendly and prompt. I have been several times and have never had a bad experience. 	4.0
621	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-03-18		The search for stellar sushi continues...  I've now visited Hanaro twice, and while I like Hanaro and would definitely go back, I probably won't be craving it enough to drive to Bethesda for it.  Upon the second time eating there, Hubby and I (along with sister this time) ordered the following rolls:  Firecracker:  My absolute fav.  Complete with a special kick at the end that will leave you wanting more. March Madness:  Second fav - I enjoyed this as well, particularly the presentation of the spicy mayo / eel sauces Bethesda:  Just okay, combination of fish in a roll Spicy Mango: Also good, though left me wanting for something  I enjoyed the rolls we ordered - don't get me wrong.  I just thought for the price (about $15/roll), we should expect greatness, though not yet found.  Our service was great - we went in about 2 PM on a Sunday, and while we were one of three patrons, our server was attentive and provided us refills as necessary.  They even gave us some edamame on the house as we waited for our entrees.  I greatly appreciate the 'customer first' approach, and that's likely why I will be returning to Hanaro. 	3.0
622	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-21		"Been here twice for ""date night."" Quiet, chill atmosphere and fast service. The outdoor dining is nice for people watching in downtown Bethesda.   A little pricy (sushi usually is) but the quality is pretty good to match....special rolls are hit or miss.  Rainbow Roll? Just okay. Crazy Tuna Roll? Eh. Regular Rolls are on par with other good sushi places in the area.   Fire Cracker Roll = amazingness.   I'd say, give it a try! "	3.0
623	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2015-05-10		I ordered online for delivery at 5:54 pm.  At 7:34 pm I called restaurant to check status, they said driver left 10 minutes ago (and I live just a few blocks away).  After more waiting and phone calls, Hanaro told me at 8:06 pm that they never made my food.  So I was outright lied to.  So I am starving and I have to jump through more hoops to get my credit card refunded.  Not a good experience. 	1.0
624	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-02-16		This is a favorite of mine. I love their specialty rolls and happy hour specials. It can get a bit pricy but the sushi is well worth it considering the unique rolls. They also allow for small private events upstairs for free (last I knew) and can set up a good spread. Their service is also reliable and willing to help. I recommend it any time of the week, dinner or lounge. 	4.0
625	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-07-11		The happy hour monday to friday 4-7pm its great ! Also very good sushi. I love wasabi and here they have a very good one. They refill your soft drink for free and also very friendly people working here. Very good choice. 	4.0
626	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-02-10		Well we have been here a bunch of times now and every time we go it's a little bit less great. So there is a 3 star for that. Last time I went we had a groupon and it was really NOT good. Very limited menu and waiter was less than attentive 	3.0
627	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-06-19		Dont bother mentioning the free edamame The manager will tell you to show the server Then the server tells you that Yelp! signed them up for this without their knowledge or they don't do that free edamame stuff. They put sauce on top of spicy tuna or other things to disguise how cheap and how little they put in. Eel was horrible that I spit it out Server took it off bill but told me I was wrong in not liking it because their eel is better than the other restaurants in area Whatever...too many other restaurants to try 	2.0
628	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-03-15		Shoot, there was no De La Soul or Tribe playing when I came in but I actually had a great time here on a Monday night. Kind of impressive for Bethesda.  We came in here hungry and ordered a boatload of sushi rolls and wine. I was so impressed by the bubbly friendliness of our waitress, I kind of wanted to give her a big hug when I left.   We ended up getting the following rolls:  Fire Cracker Roll ($15)  spicy tuna, salmon, tempura bits, spicy chili sauce   Dragon Roll ($16)  crab meat, avocado, tempura bits, tobiko, whole broiled eel on top w/eel sauce   White Russian Roll  ($14)  spicy tuna, cucumber, tempura bits, topped w/white tuna   Spicy Mango Roll ($14)  shrimp tempura, avocado, topped w/spicy tuna, sliced mangos, and pineapple sauce   All the rolls (they are kinda big in size) come on a huge white platter (great presentation) and are accompanied by a bowl of spicy mayo and eel sauce. In my opinion, the Spicy Mango Roll reigned supreme with its crunchy texture, and sweet and spicy texture. He was crying and wiping his nose cause maybe the spiciness got to him, but loved the Fire Cracker Roll.  In the end, there was actually an epic battle for the last piece, luckily I squezed a lemon wedge in his face and blinded him and grabbed it. Still winning...  Bottom line:  Pretty decent sushi, quiet hangout unless they have the awesome dj I heard about, great staff, nice overall date place, if you don't mind dished out major cash for the rolls/sushi. 	3.0
629	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-04-06		"Where else could you listen to old school hip hop and get 2 for 1 sake bombs ( as well as other food and drank specials) on a Friday night?!  Hanaro has ""Bang on the Bar Friday"" happy hour specials from 4-10pm.  From 4-9pm, they include: $2 domestic bottled beer and rail drinks, 2 for 1 saki bombs, $2.50 house wines, and 20% off all signature rolls and 20% off selected appeteasers.  From 9-10pm they have 2 for 1 sake bombs and 50% off select sake bottles.  These specials are only in their bar area.    The DJ came about 9pm and played some old school hip hop music that took me as far back as elementary school...whoa!  The crowd is mixed, the bartenders are friendly and fairly attentive, so why not?! "	4.0
630	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-07-05		"So far I have been here for lunch and happy hour.  For lunch I went with the eel bento box.  Pretty standard: miso, salad, ONE gyoza (one?), california roll, a wedge of cantalope, and some eel on rice.  Everything tasted good, but probably could have eaten another bento box without feeling very full.  I suppose I should be considering it a more reasonable portion size, but I didn't fight for parking in Bethesda just so I could have a reasonable amount of food.  I really don't do anything for a ""reasonable"" amount of food.    Happy hour was an excellent time.  They discount on certain sushi rolls and sake which led to a rowdy time with coworkers.  In this instance, I should probably give them bonus points for putting up with us, but we did end up dropping a record happy hour tab.  So even discount at Hanaro does not mean cheap necessarily.  Keep an eye on that bottom line. "	3.0
631	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-08-13		Closer to 3.5 stars, but in this case I have to round down.  I have eaten here 10+ times, mostly for lunch, as it is very close to my job.  I usually get the Bento Box with either the Hanaro or Maryland roll (both of which are delicious).   Last week I had the Hanaro roll, which is a cali roll topped with eel and avocado.  I love eel, but this one seemed to have a lot of tiny, hair-like bones in it.  It definitely threw me off.  Also, I usually substitute their ginger salad for seaweed salad for an extra $2 or so.  Last time I placed my order I was told I couldn't do that anymore, so I paid an extra $6 for a seaweed salad.   I would've said nevermind, but I REALLY wanted it!  So that was my $16 lunch.   Today, I ordered the Bento Box with the Maryland roll, which is a cali roll topped with spicy tuna and a yummy sauce. I officially like the MD roll much better than the Hanaro roll.  I passed on the $6 seaweed and got the ginger salad.  I love the dressing, but they literally give you about 5-6 small torn pieces of lettuce.  My colleague and I were laughing at how pathetic it looked.  They also give you a teeny tiny amount of miso soup.  The soup and salad are always like this and I wonder why they are so stingy with them--I would think in downtown Bethesda they would at least splurge on that part.   The sushi is wonderful, in my opinion, but they have several other areas they need to work on.  They do have a pretty awesome happy hour though! 	3.0
632	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-06-20		Place to be on Fridays. They have good music, great food, and good vibes! I absolutely love their server Melanie. She is the best! She even remembers my usual every time I go in. Their Bartender Matt is great! Literally the best bartender in the DMV. He makes the best drinks! Make sure you guys check them out when you go to Bethesda! 	5.0
633	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-06-17		This place may be my new favorite sushi spot in Bethesda! The calamari was so well seasoned, if I was not craving sushi so bad we would have ordered another round. My fiance and I ordered the Redskin Roll, Bethesda Roll, and the Hanaro Roll; all very very very good! For drinks I had the sake on the beach. I am not a fan of sake but this drink was so good! I love the dim, mello atmosphere and the music selection was enjoyable. We will be returning again sometime this summer :) 	4.0
634	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-06-14		A bit pricey for what it is, especially during lunch hours but the service and food were both great. I'd like to check out their happy hour though, it seems to have pretty good deals! 	4.0
635	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-07-22		The hype I've read about from several Yelpers about their Firecracker Roll is true! That thing is AMAZING.  We came here on a Sunday night and it was really slow- so no need to make reservations next time! The entrees were a bit pricey ($14 for a Pad Thai?! Really?!). I'm not entirely sure I would come back here any time soon. The sushi was very good quality but it comes with a hefty price tag. 	3.0
636	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-02-27		Our office is around the corner so we go here all the time, and have done so since it opened.  The ambience is nice. The bar has a nice corner view of downtown Bethesda, the dining room has either street window views or is near the sushi bar. Both bar and dining room have nice low key lighting.  The sushi has always been solid, and we order it about 3/4 of the time. We particularly love the Firecracker roll.  The other 1/4 of the time we get kitchen entrees, which are often very good and often Korean. The galbi is excellent, as is the steak.  You'll find some normal sushi restaurant entrees, but a few surpasses as well, such as the fish tacos, which aren't tacos, but very good, and quite interesting.  The staff has always been great to us, and many of them have been there for years.  They also have Sierra Nevada, which makes me happy. 	4.0
637	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-3-15		We have been there twice now and loved it bouth times! Loved the Salad with the Sesame/Onion dressing the rolls are great and i like the months specials- gives u something new every month.  Pricey but worth it. Staff is nice too :)	5.0
638	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-11-25		After my initial bad review and call to the restaurant, the manager responded by calling and offering me $20 off my next order.  Two weeks later I ordered take-out and was greeted by the manager who apologized for my prior experience.  Very thoughtful! The food was much better, however I did not reorder the drunken noodles.  I like the  sushi but its overpriced for its quality.  They have great customer service and ok food. 	3.0
639	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-12-31		I order sushi, roll and something else. It taste nothing. I'm not suggestion. The place is nice but the food is suck. 	2.0
640	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-07-10		This place rocks. Good food, good music, good service.  Try the seared tuna and rockshrimp. All the special rolls are good. 	5.0
641	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-18		Decor and service was okay.  I tried the cherry blossom roll and it was decent but not worthy of the $15 price tag.  I also had the spicy salmon and tuna sashimi and was not overly impressed.    I'm sure there's better deals out there.  Right now, I don't plan to go back. 	2.0
642	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-04-18		Great spot for some awesome sushi! Also turns into a good little spot for late night. Blackfinn may be closed but this place is right next door. Try the spider or Redskins roll. I sat in the back and ate at the sushi bar. The sushi chef knows how to make anything. 	5.0
643	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-31		"~3.5 stars~  I swung by here for happy hour on Memorial Day and predictably, there wasn't much of a scene going on that day.  But that was fine for a quiet chat and some reduced-price grub and drinks.  Unfortunately, the drinks that were on special were mostly made up of crappy American beers.  The only drinkable one was Sierra Nevada, so that's what I stuck with.  I ordered one of their specialty rolls (which were the only kind of rolls reduced for happy hour) and their ""Asian-style"" chicken wings.  My Spider roll was pretty good, but hard to eat since it was so fat.  The chicken wings were very tasty, but were was the spice?  They had all the other elements of being great, but needed some spiciness to complete them, so ultimately, they were kind of a letdown.  Still, those drummies were plenty big and meaty.  Yes, this is the only place I know where you can get happy hour sushi, which is cool.  But ultimately, the reduced prices were the prices that should have been before applying happy hour deals.  In other words, the place is no great value for happy hour, even in Bethesda. "	3.0
644	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-01-06		went there for lunch today and it was very disappointing.  Ordered the bi bim bap dinner option since that was the one that came in a hot stone pot.  Asked for my egg to be fried rather than raw and my bi bim bap came out in a cold bowl.  Asked the waiter and he said because I wanted a fried egg he gave me the lunch option.  Wow thanks for telling me beforehand and the bigger question is, why couldn't the fried egg be put in the hot bi bim bap??  Friend ordered a kalbi bento box and it wasn't kalbi but bulgogi.  Other friend ordered salmon bento box and it came out with a piece of fish you could barely call salmon, 3 pieces of California roll and seriously, they put a ball of rice next to the California roll, I guess it was to fill out the box.  Wont be going back here.  Go to Raku instead where they really know how to prepare a bento box and the food is as described in the menu. 	1.0
645	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-10-02		Order takeout every other week - the food is great. Didn't rate it a 5 -- as the greeting when you walk into the place definitely needs to improve. 	4.0
646	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-05-12		This is my new favorite sushi spot in the DMV area.  We went at happy hour on a Thursday and the place was still pretty empty, and we were seated right away.  We got some hot sake, Tsingtao (beer), edamame, rock shrimp tempura, Redskin's rolls, and Baltimore rolls.  The service was perfect - our waiter was so attentive he replaced our white plate because he noticed a water spot!  Any time we needed anything he was around, but he didn't bother our conversation.  The edimame came out first and made for a big appetizer.  The beans had just the right amount of salt to taste.  Next came rock shrimp tempura, which tasted great!  This was also small-entree sized, and came with subtle sweet and spicy glaze.  The rolls came out together on a platter with plenty of wasabi and ginger.  We mixed up a sauce out of the soy on the table and the wasabi in the mixing dishes they provide, and dug in (or as much digging as can be done with chopsticks).  The rolls were some of the best I've had in the DMV.  I barely used any wasabi - I usually use it to mask the unbalanced fish taste, but these were fine.  I can't really rank the sake, because it's the first I've ever had.  It smooth, with less bite than a beer and a good warm flavor to it.  The Tsingtao was good for a light beer - I'm not a fan, but I wanted to try something new.  Both were served with the appetizers.  Their happy hour menu has some choice selections (the waiter can describe them all) and is very fairly priced.  I'll definitely be back here for some happy hour sushi! 	5.0
647	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-03-03		"This is totally playing it ""safe"" sushi. Solid, but nothing to write home about. We went there for ""date night"" Friday evening. My beau has been there for happy hour before and said it was nothing spectacular or anything.  The wait staff was cordial and aesthetically speaking the ambiance was your standard sushi ""lounge"" fare.  Might come back-but not anytime soon. "	3.0
648	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-08-22		Came here for lunch to day with my younger sister.   I rate the chicken katsu 4 stars. It came nicely breaded and crispy. However, the rest of the lunch was mediocre. I ordered the chicken katsu bento box ($9.95), which came with 3 California rolls, 2 pieces of gyoza, a house salad, the katsu, a miso soup, and a slice of watermelon &amp; a piece of orange. It was a huge portion - well worth the $10. However, the chicken katsu was the only star of the bento box. The miso soup was overly salty, the dressing on the house salad underwhelming, and the CA rolls stale. I enjoyed the two pieces of gyoza.  My little sister's shrimp tempura udon ($12) was disappointing. The broth was rather bland, but the tempura was nicely fried. Service was friendly. Overall, just A-OK. 	3.0
649	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-06-18		Surprise, surprise. I just found the best katsu in the DMV area.  4.25* for the chicken-katsu I tried.  The cuts are thin, and the katsu is deep fried. VERY crispy and well breaded.  I can't believe that SOME restaurant in this area FINALLY got it right.  $12 for this in Bethesda is a monster bargain.    The restaurant serves sushi, rolls, pan-asian, thai, and chinese dishes (which I don't recommend at all).  Many of their rolls are insanely priced (going up to 16-20$) and I really don't recommend them (even though I didn't try them, there is no way I could justify the costs)  Be warned that the high star rating is based ONLY on the katsu.  Peace out. 	4.0
650	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-03-26		Alright alright not the best night to review because the NCAA tournament was going on...a fight almost started that I had the pleasure of standing next to and assisting on calming everyone down.  Past that it was an awesome night with great tunes pumping from the DJ and decent drinks flowing from the bar..  We ate sushi a little later in the night despite eating a full meal at Relic before hand because we had that late night urge to munch on something and I had to try it out so I could speak to it!  We could only order simple rolls though as you can't order anything fried or tempura flaked.  Spicy Tuna and Yellowtail with Jalapeno here we come.  Didn't disappoint I was pleasantly quenched of my late night munchiness. 	4.0
651	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-09-20		I came here for dinner on a Wednesday night. We sat near the bar area. It's a nice, comfy ambiance inside. On the other side, there are more tables for dining as well. I ordered the Redskins Roll and Baltimore Roll. The colors were on point with each team colors lol I would say both were pretty good. The Redskins roll had a nice spiciness to it, which I liked. We also ordered a bottle of Saki which was good priced.   I would definitely be back here. I could see this location as a good happy hour spot, and a date spot. I wonder how the bar is at night. I really liked the ambiance. I would recommend this location for sure. 	4.0
652	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-09-07		One of the best spots in old town Bethesda.  I work close and must say you can't go wrong with the bento boxes or the salad with Ahi Tuna.  There is not a bad bite here.  Please enjoy. 	4.0
653	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-12-30		Delicious sushi! Expensive, yes, but go during happy hour and get lots of $3 off rolls! The spicy tuna was also really good - not mushy and leftover like some spicy tuna rolls can be. Loved it. Check in on Yelp and sub the free edamame for a miso soup! 	4.0
654	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-09-15		"This is a nice chic, Bethesda restaurant. In terms of sushi offerings, it's not amazing if you seriously love sushi like I do. The selection is pretty limited, with lots of 'cooked' rolls. I'd kinda describe it as a place for ""beginner sushi eaters"", but the atmosphere and service all make it a really nice experience, thus the word Lounge in its name. :) What this place does well is their presentation. Magnificent. They even made the additional takeout order I had very pretty.  We had the fish taco appetizers, which were good, but could've used more salt or flavor. Then we had a variety of rolls. All the rolls were good, particularly the redskins roll. Then we had tempura icecream. That was a really nice treat.  As some other reviewers mentioned, how did I miss this place before?  Definitely glad I found it. "	4.0
655	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-04-20		Cute cocktails (lychee martini is my favorite) and some inventive specialty sushi rolls. While it's not the most authentic sushi place around, the sushi still tastes pretty good! :). My personal favorite roll is the spicy mango roll.   Fun to go for Happy Hour and on Friday nights.   I.LOVE.HANARO. 	4.0
656	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-10-18		Bethesda has many sushi restaurants, and they are pretty much the same.  Hanaro is a little better than the rest.  They have the Redskins roll which has eel and a spicy tobiko sauce (I think).  The service was very good (as it usually is in Bethesda). 	3.0
657	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-05-22		Note: This place is now called Hanaro.  Great Happy Hour deals until 7pm: 1/2 price drinks and 25% off certain rolls and appetizers.  The Dragon Roll here is TO DIE FOR. The tempura shrimp roll was also very flavorful. Beautiful presentation. Friendly staff. Outdoor seating. (Just try not to sit next to the annoying girls who are clearly taking too much advantage of Happy Hour... Some of the staff was super-dooper friendly/loud/annoying with them... - probably the reason for my deduction of one star.) 	3.0
658	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-9-14		I ordered takeout and it was terrible.  The spicy tuna roll was ok but the drunken noodles were disgusting.  This is traditionally a very spicy dish, which is why I ordered it but there wasn't even a hint of spice.  The noodles were so soggy you couldn't pick them up with chopsticks or a fork. The dish was so flavorless and mushy I couldn't bring myself to eat it.   What a waste of money- at $15 dollars- which is higher than every other restaurant that serves this dish- it was NOT worth it.	1.0
659	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-04-19		Very mediocre Pan Asian restaurant.  Sushi looked average, and the chicken teriyaki at Panda Express is better than what I got here. 	2.0
660	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-01-29		Had a fantastic business lunch with a very patient waitress (Katrina?) who must have refilled our drinks 12 times.  I've spent extensive time in Korea and Japan.  I'd give the sushi and Miso a 9/10 and the BiBimBap a 7/10.  I left my notebook on the table and when I called the same  professional waitress was trying to Google me to return it.  Wow.  To the manager - if I mistook her name please reach out to me for clarification.  Finally, it was a value!  Two meals, Miso soup, hot tea and a tuna roll for $35. 	5.0
661	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-11-18		Awesome rolls and great service! The dancing crab and phoenix roll are really good. 	5.0
662	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-12-14		Great place to go for Happy Hour!  Their HH menu offers a good variety at an affordable price. My brother and I once ordered just about every  sushi HH Special except for two rolls.  Yes, we went just a LITTLE overboard with our ordering, but we finished every piece of sushi and it was well worth the overstuffed, fat guilty feeling afterwards. 	4.0
663	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-04-04		"Sushi and hip-hop? Yes, please!  Both raw. Both full of flavor. Both at Hanaro.  I would never have thought that I would find some of the best hip hop in Bethesda at a laid back sushi bar. Apparently, Friday night is when the DJ really brings it, but I was more than impressed by the laid back tunes of Mos Def, De La Soul, Tribe Called Quest and the like.  I was also surprised to find that the they serve food late night. I believe hot foods stop being served around 11pm, but I was able to still order sushi after that. At $6, my spicy tuna roll was a little above average in taste and price, but the novelty of late night sushi itself was enough to satisfy me.  Although the restaurant is small, there was just enough room for a mellow, but fun and diverse crowd that seemed eager to ""Bang The Bar"" as one of the Hanaro shirts for sale indicated.  Sake bombs are welcomed and encouraged. "	4.0
664	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-03-06		ok..I had a living social..from reading the other review, there was a Groupon offer as well. Am beginning to think that when restaurants that have been around for awhile start offering deals on social media; their business is going downhill.  But I had the coupon which was expiring so I went..my second visit to Hanaro; first time the happy hour crowd was booming, bar area packed on a weekend nite, so we went to the restaurant area.  Wasn't blown away, but ok..my second visit, using the coupon worth $40.00..which bought us 2 specialty rolls, a sake and tea...really ...the rolls were 14.00 and 16.00... and tinyyyy! usually specialty rolls are about 30 pc larger than a typical roll..Hanaro's specialty roll is the size of a regular roll at other sushi joints at half the cost.... service was good, I must say...but their prices are not worth me venturing into Bethesda, and paying for parking to boot.... 	2.0
665	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-03-24		I like the happy hour specials here. From 5-7 its cheap sushi. Of course like all sushi places with happy hour sushi it is not as fresh as menu ordered fish. Still a good deal. They have two saki bombs for $5. Good place for drinks at the very least. For regular sushi o would not recommend. I would try a more traditional place like satsuma down the street. $3 Tuna, Salmon, California rolls. $6 hanaro and certain other special rolls. 	4.0
666	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-02-21		I have been going to Hanaro sushi for last 1 year. I used to looove their sushi.  But last 4 times i went, I have to say their food quality  has downgraded and service is crap.  Dont spend your money for this low grade sushi. 	2.0
667	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-05-30		Matt is the greatest bartender ever he knows his drinks and is a hard worker and herry is the nicest and friendliest waiter I have ever met I will only come back when they are working 	5.0
668	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-08-16		Unfortunately, my first experience was on a Monday night so there was no live hip hop happening. However, I was in the area and had been meaning to try this place out. And believe me..... no regrets no regrets.   This review is only for the sushi. We were just in the mood for some rolls and ordered the Seaweed Salad, Bethesda Roll (Tuna, Salmon, Avocado), Hanaro Roll (California topped with Eel, Avocado, Unagi Wasabi Sauce), Spicy Salmon and Shrimp Tempura. I don't normally care for the super special roll combination so I kept it more simplified. I liked them all A LOT minus the Shrimp Tempura roll which I thought was mediocre.   I loved that the fish was fresh and delicious. The rice wasn't rolled on too thick. Rolls were drenched in sauces, perfect if you ask me. I am definitely planning on returning but on an infamous Friday night. 	4.0
669	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-04-25		Firecracker sushi was on point 	5.0
670	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-06-14		We were four plus a 3 year old.  Everyone enjoyed the food, except that one of us was surprised that the sashimi did not come with rice and he had to order it separately.  The service was friendly. But attention to details was missing.   The only male in our group reported to the staff that the men's room was very dirty. 	3.0
671	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-08-13		"When this place opened, we loved it.  We'd go for sushi happy hour on Fridays and enjoy the varied and creative sushi rolls at a discount.  At some point the menu changed along with the quality.  It is now just an ""OK"" place, no longer our favorite sushi in Bethesda.  Actually we just don't go there anymore, now we only go to Satsuma for sushi.  It's a shame, because we really loved Hanaro and used to recommend this place a lot to friends. "	3.0
672	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-06-14		Yummy fresh sushi! Great happy hour deals! Will return. 	4.0
673	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-11-06		Good sushi.  Kind of expensive.  I went there with a friend on a Saturday night and we were seated right away without a reservation.  It's pretty big inside so it's a good option for dinner in Bethesda. They also have a nice big bar area which is popular on the weekend.  It's worth checking out for a martini or if you're craving sushi. 	3.0
674	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-09-21		"This place is a little gem off the main street in Bethesda.   The place is trendy, clean, at not overly expensive like usual sushi spots. They serve good food &amp; have awesome happy hour prices.  The Firecracker roll was amazing! Had the perfect amount of ""kick"" to it with spicy tuna, fresh salmon, and a large scoop of shredded crab on top!  Totally recommend this place. "	5.0
675	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-10-21		"way overpriced.  used to be one of best quality sushi places around but staff is arrogant and now overpriced.  i picked up take out last week and the prices were 20% more than advertised online on their own website  when i complained they basically said ""too bad.""  i had experience with them in past where the chef was unwilling to change simple thing about a dish.  nigiri is now $6 for 2 pieces of simple stuff (salmon, tuna, etc).  settle down guys, you're not Kaz and a poor man's sushi ko. "	2.0
676	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-01-30		my friends and i just finished a workout at the gym close by so we decided to get some food. the food was pretty decent good in bethesda. just average if anywhere else.. i liked the decoration of the place and the service was good.. here's what we ordered:  hawaiian tuna poki seafood pancake hanaro sampler oden soup fire cracker roll hibachi baltimore roll banana tempura 	4.0
677	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-01-12		Speaking ONLY for the Happy Hour - - Bottom Line: This place is great! The drink specials are fantastic and they accompany it with delectable sushi! There are a number of good spots to enjoy in downtown Bethesda, but Hanaro is definitely one of my go-to's when in the area for afterwork antics!  Looking forward to trying them out for dinner someday. 	5.0
678	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-10-19		Best food. Best drinks. Best service. Best atmosphere. Best owner.  'nuff said. 	5.0
679	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-10-21		very impressed the food was great I will be back soon.  they have asahi beer and the waiter herry is the greatest waiter very kind and friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  I definitely recommend going there for a great meal and a great experience  jayc	5.0
680	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-11-25		"This place is really good. It seems like a fusion sushi restaurant so dont mix it up with something like Tako Grille. I thought it's biggest DOWN fall were the prices. It is ridiculously expensive, for no reason at all. I have been to better sushi fusion restaurants than this. I hope the owner doesn't end up loosing this place bc you can only eat here so many times. I plan on saving and making sure I eat something filling before I go back again, otherwise I'll end up washing the dishes with this pricey sushi.. j/k   I love how they have special sushi rolls with names like the, Redskins, White russian, etc. I had the green tree roll and I loved it. We also had the friend shrimp with this red sauce and it was pretty good and the dragon kiss martini.  This restaurant doesnt make me see butterflies but i'm still trying to give it another chance before I make my final thoughts on it.  One thing I will say is that the DJ on Friday and Saturday nights is the best in town. I mean, he plays all the oldschool jams you love. It's almost as if he knew ""that "" was your favorite song.  The enviorment is great as well and the bartenders who are really nice and friendly.. (aren't they all) not really, some can be real D-bags!   Looking forward to my next sushi night at Hanaro's  and still crossing my fingers about the prices.. haha "	3.0
681	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-03-10		This isn't your typical Asian restaurant.  The food is presented in reasonably sized portions beautifully.  The rolls are artistic and the main courses updated for modern tastes.  The dining room was too cold and too well-worn, but the kitchen was cranking some really good food. 	4.0
682	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-01-10		"Last night (1/9) was our first trip to Hanaro. Great ambiance right from the time we got in. The bar was not crowded and we were immediately seated in a booth. Server was super helpful as well. My girlfriend and I do our ""date night"" every Wednesday, and Hanaro is one of a few places we have found that does half-off bottles of wine on Wednesdays! Got the house cabernet, which was actually really good. Definitely try the seaweed salad for an app and the Phoenix Roll, it's delicious. The only down side was our proximity to the bar, it got a bit loud toward the end of our meal, but that's just happy hour crowd. Enjoy! "	4.0
683	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-12-13		Definitely a staple in the downtown Bethesda area.  Admittedly I started going here for their after hours music and bar area on the weekend nights.  Ironically, the DJ that plays here spins some of the best hip-hop probably in the DC Metro area, it's almost like being transported back into the 90's.  Their bar staff is always on point and has never let me down regardless of the shoulder to shoulder action trying to get a drink.  On the flip side, I can be picky about my sushi, and while participating in some weekend antics, I decided to get a plate of their sushi beforehand.  While a bit on the spendy side, I definitely didn't mind that for the quality.  Good size of sashimi and awesome rolls made this place a great sushi go to. 	5.0
684	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-03-02		"Holy monkey balls this place is over-priced.  And that is saying a lot considering it is in Bethesda.  You cannot find a Chef's Special roll that costs less than 14 dollars and they are only six pieces!    Anyway, my lunch consisted of two items: miso soup and a sushi roll.  The Miso soup was overpriced as well and was not very good.  My biggest gripe though, was the sushi roll I got, the Spicy Bonito Roll.  First of all, I got tricked because the ""Special"" roll part of the menu did not tell  you how many pieces you got.  I figured, since it was a 14 dollar roll, I would be getting 8+ pieces or at least large pieces.  False.  The roll consisted of about 2 feet piled bonito shavings and 6 tiny sushi pieces.  That would be okay, I guess, if the Bonito shavings did not smell like tire rubber and taste very similar.  After the first piece, I attempted to rid my lunch of this disgusting garnish, but unfortunately the taste lingered in my roll.  I had to force this disgusting travesty of a roll down though, since I mortgaged my house to pay for it.  Even with out the bonito on it it was still terrible.  To put the sweet cherry on the top, the lingering taste of the meal terrorized my mouth up until I had dinner later that night.  Lastly, let me know if you see our waiter, because I did not.  There were about 3 people in the whole place and our waiter stopped by our table to only get our orders, drop our food off, and deal with the check.  I could have used some more water to wash down that rice-wrapped turd you tried to pass as sushi. "	1.0
685	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-04-15		"For a sushi place in d/town Bethesda this place is pretty good.  Sushi wise I had the Redskins roll and another ""experimental"" roll.  They were actually pretty good.  This is coming from a guy that learned how to eat fish in Japan.  I know about the difference between people who eat real sushi and Americans eating ""PF Chang"" sushi.  This place has actual Japanese people making the food.    Music wise they have Jewish guys spinning rap music.  No lie, best music I've ever heard in Bethesda.  We usually bring the crew to party here, so I'm not sure how it is when we're not there.   Overall good place.  Food is good for Bethesda and the bar scene is great. "	5.0
686	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-01-15		Hadn't been here in a while but been meaning to try their January Special of the Month!...... and it rocked! PIC POSTED 4 killer spicy crunchy tuna shrimp tempura with cucumber and eel rolls $13 and also tried their Hanaro wings PIC POSTED $10 and those 4 big azzzz wings were meaty and spicy and delic! The seafood pancake $12 sounded great and looked great from pic but kinda flavorless......more sauce on side or something needed.    Wes and Mark and barkeep Kell (I'm on point Kell :)))))) good peeps and treat the regulars as good as the not so regular.   It's a nice family run and hip place that's made its mark in Bethesda.....now must go back during H.Hour when my bill won't be $71   :((((((( 	5.0
687	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-02-08		This place if so effing great! I got shrimp pad Thai and vegetable tempura sushi. So good. Service was impeccable and so was the food. I'm really glad there's a good Asian restaurant in Bethesda that delivers. All of the other delivery Chinese Japanese and thai restaurants don't compare. 	5.0
688	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-08-07		"Hanaro is a great find in Bethesda! I walked in on a Sunday night and was immediately seated. I know it's much more busy on a Thursday or Friday night but I've never had a problem getting in. We started with the Hawaiian Poki (Tuna) and it was perfect for two. We decided to order a variety of rolls for dinner which were all amazing! We ordered the Hanaro Roll, Maryland Roll, Redskins Roll, and the August roll of the month, Tuna Picante Roll. We were stuffed and happy heading home! I did get Pad Thai to go for lunch/dinner tomorrow so I'm excited for round 2 of Hanaro.  From my past visits I can tell you the bar area gets packed after dinner on weekends. If you like Saki Bombs this is a place where you can ""bang on the bar"" to make your saki drop so it can get rowdy if groups are taking saki bombs but it's all in good fun. There is a private dining area upstairs for groups, call ahead to reserve the room. There is meter parking available on the street or there is a metered parking garage a block away on St. Elmo St. Hanaro is a wonderful restaruant with great prices for Bethesda! Oh if you take a picture in their photo screen next to the door your picture will be posted on their facebook page so SMILE! "	4.0
689	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-01-27		I heart Hanaro!  This place is great for a quick, affordable and delicious lunch!  Their lunch specials are priced around 10-12 dollars for a bento box that includes your main selection, PLUS gyoza, seaweed salad, miso soup, 4 pieces of California roll, and fruit.  By the time you finish you're stuffed!  Typically, I'm so full from lunch that I skip dinner.  The servers are fast and friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing, clean, and modern.  I love going to Hanaro for lunch and I'm looking forward to going there for dinner soon. 	4.0
690	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-03-19		Probably the best spot to grab Sushi in downtown Bethesda.  Their Friday happy hour is absurdly amazing. $4 sushi and drink specials from 4-9pm.  You can't beat that.  They have a new menu now too, but they kept all the good old items! 	4.0
691	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-11-13		Fantastic! I am addicted to a new sushi restaurant (new to me anyway) that is digging a hole into a self-imposed weekly work lunch allowance.  I ate at Hanaro for the first time a few weeks ago with a co-worker and I can't stop raving about it.  At most sushi restaurants, I tend to order a mix of nigiri sushi and maki rolls in order to keep the bill to a minimum, but ordering a full plate of nigiri and sashimi at Hanaro is worth the large dent in my lunch budget.  I've been to Hanaro several times since I have discovered it.  While not a popular item on the menu (based on my conversation with the sushi chef), the flounder nigiri is my favorite.  The flounder is always fresh (no fishy smell) and has the perfect texture with just the right oiliness.  Keep in mind that because it is not a popular item on the menu (not sure why), the head sushi chef only orders a small amount of flounder, so it is not always in stock.  Other nigiri staples including salmon, tuna, and yellowtail are also quite tasty.  While I typically stick with the nigiri at Hanaro, the sushi chef often convinces me to try some of his amazing creations (tip: always sit at the sushi bar and talk to the sushi chef...why not talk to your cook?).  Recently, I have tried two of these creations.  One of them is white tuna sashimi with a very small orange and jalapeno slice.  This sounds like a weird combination, but I promise you it is delicious.  The other creation is the November roll of the month.  This is a maki roll with ginger, fried zucchini, and cream cheese, topped with a scallop, cranberry honey sauce and jalapeno puree (yes, I copied this from the Hanaro Facebook page).  Again, this also seems like a very strange combination of flavors, but I found it to be a very refreshing roll.   If you are in Bethesda and looking for a solid sushi restaurant, I highly recommend Hanaro, especially if you are a big nigiri fan.  In addition, I recommend that you sit at the sushi bar and talk to the head sushi chef.  He always has wonderful recommendations. 	4.0
692	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-07-21		Okay, I had the Chicken Teriyaki Bento Box and it was really underwhelming. Chicken was very bland. California rolls were okay. Soup was gross and the salad wasn't anything special either. Won't be back again. 	3.0
693	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-03-01		Friendly. Sushi was good, and I like the addition of local flavor. I, loved the Baltimore roll ( real crab, with a featherdusting of Old Bay ) and the Rainbow roll was quite delicious. Best take on Squid Salad I have ever seen , with the Sonomono Appetizer.  Great selection (though pricey ) of boutique sake's.  We like to sit at the sushi counter, as it is the most natural place for us, and the chef's were quite nice. we wanted a tip bowl, as is common at these eateries, to split the tip between service and chef, though none was avail. Watching the artistry of the food that was coming out was fantastic. and we know what we want to try next time.  on the way out, we Talked with the friendly manager, who told us they have a lot of fun exploring the sweet and savory sides of sushi, as is apparent in the rolls. Umami! We just came in for a snack, yet will certainly be back for a full sit down, as this is one of those places deserving. 	4.0
694	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-02-21		Good sushi rolls in a great location in Bethesda with Bethesda restaurant prices and friendly service.  They have some really notable rolls that are delicious, including one that has spicy tuna and Fuji apple in it. I didn't expect that combo to taste good but I actually ended enjoying it. The seared ahi tuna salad is also very good. Their chirashi is a good deal. I believe it comes with soup/salad and there's a nice amount of raw fish in it. Only thing is, the freshness of the fish is sometimes hit or miss, so that can take the enjoyment down a notch when it's not AS fresh. It shouldn't matter what the price of the dish is, a top notch, sushi serving eatery should have the freshest fish in all their dishes, especially the ones in which raw fish feature prominently. So if you are as picky about sashimi quality as I am, perhaps stick to the rolls or kitchen dishes for the best meal here.  Staff has always been friendly, attentive, helpful. Whenever I've been there at least, they do a great job overall. Even when it's busy.   However, I'm not terribly keen on them being a lounge after a certain time on the weekends. There's a DJ in the corner beside the bar that spins music. I love DJs and lounges and clubs but not when I sit down with boyfriend/friends for some chatter and laughter over  a good Japanese meal. In the future, I'll just have to get here earlier to skip the lounge experience.  And the one thing that confuses me is that although they are clearly a Japanese/Korean fusion restaurant, they have a random Pad Thai dish on the menu. What's up with that??? 	3.0
695	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-02-01		Great ambiance, great sushi, ok service...  Got the Redskins roll and the shrimp tempura roll... both were perfectly rolled and tasted fresh. The only thing I didn't like about my plate was that the wasabi was mushy and they only gave a tiny morsel of it.  Next time I will try a hand roll. 	4.0
696	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-10-30		It's a regular Japanese sushi restaurant, nothing extraordinary, but their fish is definitely fresh.  It's really dark inside with black modern asian decor... if that actually means anything.  The bathroom stalls are tiny though; I always have trouble walking in and out.  Their shrimp tempura roll definitely takes the cake!  It's one of the best around.  Don't bother with their specialty rolls like their cherry blossom roll or what not.  Stick with the basics like salmon and yellowtail rolls and you'll be good : )   And their Doraku Margarita... goodness gracious I can take those down in all their lychee glory like you won't believeee. 	4.0
697	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2014-01-01		Stopped in to have drinks before NYE dinner. The sushi was great and fresh with some delish hot sake to get the party started. This place is a winner. Really good service too! 	5.0
698	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-06-22		"Score!  I'm in town from SF for work all week and was batting 0-for-2 on restaurants in Bethesda.  Finally last night I walked out of Hanaro a happier and heavier man.    Hanaro has some creative tasty rolls - we specifically liked the Crazy Tuna Roll and the Spicy Bonito Roll (with real crab...mmmm) - and one of the largest chirashi don's I've ever seen (portions/rolls in general were large).  We also enjoyed the tuna tataki app (pretty close to perfect) and the chilean sea bass (super-unhealthy but just melted in your mouth...).  Most importantly, the fish quality was pretty good and prices were reasonable.    The not-so-great aspects was that Hanaro is a ""fusion"" place (read: lots of rolls with mayo and tempura), I wouldn't order the miso soup and starter salads again, and sashimi/nigiri/handroll selection was surprisingly small (which may or may not be a big deal depending on what you like).    All in all a solid sushi place - I'll definitely be coming back either this visit or next! "	4.0
699	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-07-16		I've had sushi from Hanaro's a few times for take-out. Good prices, good sized lunch boxes, not bad sushi. Definitely wouldn't mind coming here for happy hour - the deals and ambiance seem pretty cool.   On the list.... 	3.0
700	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-7-17		This place is off the chain! Went here for lunch with coworkers on Friday for a friend's going away. I got the Pad Thai which was decent and a huge portion for $9. I also ordered the mango salsa crabcake which was pretty good (it was expensive tho, $12 for an appetizer?). Friend also got the spicy shrimp appetizer which might be the best shrimp that I've had. What really excited me was what everybody else got. Hanaro's buntu boxes are amazing and a great lunch value at $10. Everybody liked what they got. I definitely need to try it next time. This might get upgraded to 5* next time.	4.0
701	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-11-06		"A solid sushi bar &amp; Asian fusion restaurant in a great location with a fun atmosphere!    They have Asahi Super Dry beer which is rare, and surprisingly good prices on their happy hour sushi roll specials.  It's the perfect mix of sophistication &amp; fun and they don't snub their noses at doing sake bombs like some sushi spots.  I believe some of the bartenders' shirts even say ""bang on the bar!""  A new TriviaTryst trivia night on Mondays at 6pm is getting off to a promising start.  I'll see you there! "	5.0
702	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-10-22		Pleasantly surprised! I know sushi and this fish is fresh and good. Americanized rolls are good. Litmus test: quail egg on sea urchin roll. Fantastic! Uni was very fresh, tasted like ocean. Like! 	4.0
703	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-17		"Went for a graduation party last Saturday and the owner/manager was really nice but the bartenders were RUDE! I waited about 10min to get a drink at the bar, only two other gentlemen were sitting at the bar as the bartender twirled her hair and gossiped the whole time with both men. I was finally able to order a drink from a very unenthusiastic bartender, when my food came the bartender says to the other bartender (both ladies) ""eeeew what is that?"" reffering to the sushi I ordered. WTF?  I don't know how they train the staff behind the bar but they defenately need to be trained for better customer service. Overall, the ""eeew"" ""sushi"" was very good. Drinks were OK and VERY overpriced, music was great won't be returning. "	2.0
704	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-06-19		Great food, great atmosphere, great staff. Hanaro is by far the best bar in Bethesda. Not only is their bar well stocked, the food is also very good. Their menu has a great assortment of choices so everyone has an option.  And on Friday and Saturday night, they have the absolute best DJ in Bethesda. Spinning old school hip-hop to today's Top 40, no other bar in Bethesda plays better music. 	5.0
705	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-05-30		Great drinks menu. Awesome staff an service  Sake bombs are the way to go before hitting other bethesda nightlife spots 	5.0
706	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-03-07		"My husband and I have been eating at Hanaro since they first opened, and it quickly became ""our favorite little sushi spot"".    The staff is very friendly, and always greet us like the regulars we are.  The menu has a lot to offer, and at all price points (so don't complain to me about the $15 specialty roll, I read one girl write. ""Special"" isn't cheap!).  We usually eat here for dinner about once a month.  They have wonderful miso, salmon or tuna poke's, seaweed salad, shumai, and potstickers to start with...  For dinner, I'll experiment with different rolls or get the Chicken Edamame Salad (very good, ladies!), while my husband sometimes gets something from the grill (the kalbi is very respectable).   Today though, they bowled my husband and me over!.  The waitress announced the specials... a ribeye among them -- at which my husband jumped (I stuck with the firecracker roll I always get).  Before I continue, it should be noted that they have hired a NEW CHEF -- JOHNNY KIM, who was formerly a sous chef (I didn't catch the name of the restaurant, but he has been french-trained).  And it shows in the food as much in the presentation as in the flavor!  What arrived on my husband's plate was nothing short of haute cuisine.  A hearty portion of a perfectly cooked ribeye...and I can't describe the rest or else I will butcher it.  You simply must go and order it.  Now.  Today.  They also served us a dessert on the house (loyalty has its privileges)... Something like a chocolate mousse... with uni (sea urchin), some kind of butterscotch, and a champagne foam.  UNBELIEVABLE.  And so beautiful too!  Since we've been coming here for so long, I myself have noticed some of the inconsistency in the food or service from time to time.  But just another reason why I love them -- the folks at Hanaro take notice, and they always make improvements.  They are what great neighborhood restaurants are made of.  Adding chef Johnny Kim is HUGE for them.  Hanaro will continue to offer their old favorites for the moment.  But they are currently redoing their menu... Expect to see some WONDERFUL changes more in line with this recent experience reported above! "	5.0
707	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-07-29		Call me, maybe? 	4.0
708	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-12-08		This is one of my favorite places for sushi in the Bethesda area. Everything is super fresh and they have some very creative rolls.  I met a friend here for lunch and we shared a shrimp tempura, cherry blossom and firecracker rolls - all fantastic.    I love this place because during lunch-time it's quiet enough to have a decent conversation, then transforms into a happy hour / late night jumpin crowd - my kinda place!  It's locally owned and the owner's son (who I think is the manager) is always around making sure everyrthing runs smooth. 	4.0
709	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-01-04		"It's a fusion restaurant. That converts into a lounge at night. Talk about trite! I was ready to write this place off as soon as I stepped in. The food was average and the lounge was a bit pretentious. But I think everyone had a good time. It wasn't so bad.   The biggest plus at the restaurant is the service. The staff is helpful and while not ""friendly"" per se, they are efficient. This includes the bartenders, which is a big plus. Me and miss got there at happy hour and had ourselves a drink each while we waited for our dinner party. Our bar tab - $4.50.  Dinner was unfortunately where things went down a bit. Our server was good. He kept things running at a fair pace considering we had a party of 20. The gyoza appetizer was average. I got the galbi. (Strangely, the best galbi I ever had was at a fusion restaurant - <a href=""http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-house-san-francisco#hrid:aagkUaRvo15s5XE_SlELMQ"">yelp.com/biz/the-house-s…</a> ) I was disappointed with Hanaro's take on galbi. It really brought out what's wrong with most fusion restaurants: they are jacks of all trades but experts at nothing. The flavor was anonymous, pedestrian, and any other SAT word I can think of meaning ""meh"". The Misses got the chicken katsu, which was a fairly large portion. But the meat was over-breaded.  We had dinner in the upper room right above the bar. It was nice having our own private area. There was ample room for everyone including a few couches. Very comfortable. The men's bathroom is weird. To keep it short, I couldn't tell if it was a 1-person or multi-person bathroom.  The ""lounge"" came about when the bar added 2 speakers and a DJ. Awesomess.  Anyhow. All in all a decent venue, average food. Good service. "	3.0
710	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-05-10		Went to Doraku w/my brother for lunch today.  I have passed by Doraku on my way to work and wanted to check it out.   I got my normal Chirashi Sushi.  It was ok, just kind of lacking.  Usually there's fish roe &amp; some sort of radish, but this one didn't have either.  They did this thing w/the clam where it was wrapped around a piece of carrot and either mint or basil leaf, couldn't tell.  My brother had the sushi combo and enjoyed it.  I'm going to have to give them another try...I can't say they're bad, but I can't say they're good either. 	3.0
711	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-01-31		I LOVE coming here! I have only once had a not so pleasant long wait for food but the food is always delicious. The rolls are fresh and beautiful to look at. Some are so pretty that you almost don't want to eat them, but then you do, because duh, they rock! The baked california is by far my favorite. My boyfriend and I always order one when we come here and we usually try to order the roll of the month. On one occasion we also ordered drunken noodles that were amazing! They probably wouldnt be considered the most authentic drunken noodles but all the vegetables were nice and crisp and the whole plate was bright and happy! If you have a hankering for some sushi, Hanaro is the best I've had in the area. 	5.0
712	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-09-22		awesome Sushi.  Happy Hour is the time to be there. 	4.0
713	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-11-03		Don't come here if you actually want sushi. By sushi I mean actual pieces of raw fish. If you want fattening expensive rolls, a really loud spot to see Bethesda happy hour-goers, or lazy service, then come here. The sashimi platter costs $28 for 15 pieces of sashimi. It had tiny, poorly sliced pieces of seemingly non-sushi grade fish, and even included cooked shrimp. I did not realized cooked shrimp would be served on a raw fish platter...  I only went here because they have decent entree's for non-fish eaters (my boyfriend) and even those dishes are not anything special. 	2.0
714	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-07-11		GREAT FOR HAPPY HOUR.  Not sure if I would come here during normal business hours.  But on a Friday, they have happy hour until 9PM.  $2 bottled beers, and 20% off signature rolls and appetizers.    Appetizers including the SPICY ROCK SHRIMP TEMPURA!  My friend introduced me to this dish.  It's essentially fried shrimp tossed in a spicy creamy sauce.  Words can't describe how good this dish is.  I haven't had an appetizer this good since Amicci's Pane Rotundo.  My goodness.  I will definitely be back for future happy hours. 	4.0
715	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-08-18		It was my first visit today, after I could not get into some other Bethesda restaurants.  The restaurant has some very nice decor, and is lively and fun.  The sushi is of good quality.  I had the Maryland and Philly rolls.  I also had some drunken noodles, which were very good, although had much more veggies than actual noodles or shrimp.  It was good, but I think they need to know this is a noodle dish, and not a vegetable dish.  I should not have to search hard for some noodles!  Still, I did enjoy this place. 	3.0
716	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-09-05		Hanaro: Equal parts lounge and Japanese restaurant. Equally mediocre at both.   From the outset it exudes a wannabe lounge and misses on the simplicity of what it truly could be. Do I want my restaurant to be hip (hop) and modern?  Sure, but not at the cost of good service and most importantly quality. With that in mind....heres the review.  I came in at 3:30...great time to really assess how a restaurant is willing to deal with the lone chopstick wielding reviewer. Not well. I got seated quickly by the bartender/server/host at the sushi bar...They were busy eating lunch. (Now, I get that they have to eat...but, you have a customer now). Went to the bar... Side note: The fish could have been wrapped better and it seemed very lax in the placement/order of the fish.  Went for the simple Tuna, Mackeral, and Sea Urchin. The tuna was of poor quality. The mackeral had a good texture to it and the Sea Urchin was ok. Could have been fresher.  But, the rice. Why can't sushi bars in this area have fresh, moist, and properly seasoned rice. It's not difficult. Apparently here it is. It actually ruined the fish for me.   Service/Staff: It solely depends on who you get. It can be great or it can be very poor.   Price: It's standard pricing. Market prices on other pieces.   Return rate: Ok, this is odd. I will say for the lounge and music...it's a really cool place to hang out and drink. For the food...Bethesda has some other really nice places....don't come here to eat. But do come here for the lounge and drinks...  Bottom line: Hip, cool, decent music....they could play some Japanese Hip Hop....they're coming up with some great music now. Don't eat there....if you need a snack...go to the quick mart next door. 	3.0
717	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-09-04		Went here this past Saturday night for dinner with the family. Was a perfect choice since half my family loves sushi and the other half won't even eat the fake stuff. We got several different rolls for the sushi eaters, and Pad Thai and Bi Bim Bop for the non-eaters. Everyone had positive things to say about their meal and the portions were decently big. A little pricey which docked a star in my book, but the food was upscale enough to not make it two stars docked. 	4.0
718	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-01-20		Hanaro is consistent in their amazing tasting rolls. All of the fish is fresh, service is great and prices are about average for sushi. The decor is pretty chic and fits my taste for a sushi restaurant. Happy hour offers some pretty good deals for food and drinks. On Friday and Saturday nights hanaro has a Dj who plays a great mix of Current and 90's hip hop. My personal favorite place to get sushi in Montgomery county. 	5.0
719	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-05-07		Great atmosphere with good music and good happy hour deals! 	4.0
720	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-10-08		I went here on a Saturday late night for drinks and was pleasantly surprised.  I enjoyed the people watching and LOVED the music.  The DJ spun mainly 90's hip hop.  They also have multiple plasmas at the bar area to satisfy the sports fans.  I will be returning to try the sushi next time! 	4.0
721	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-5-10		Great food, great atmosphere, great staff. Hanaro (previously named Doraku) is by far the best bar in Bethesda. Not only is their bar well stocked, the food is also very good. Their menu has a great assortment of choices so everyone has an option.   And on Friday and Saturday night, they have the absolute best DJ in Bethesda. Spinning old school hip-hop to today's Top 40, no other bar in Bethesda plays better music.  Ask for Jeff at the bar and he will make you mean drink...	5.0
722	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-6-4			4.0
723	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-03-05		Service: slow, average friendliness.  Food: I ordered the yakisoba with shrimp because I was starving and wanted some carb goodness. The noodle flavoring was too sour, and the vegetables were undercooked such that you get that eye watering sensation when you bite into the onion. The noodles also came with a sliced hard-boiled egg which added nothing to the noodles. The flavors didn't complement each other at all. I have definitely had better noodles made from a box from Costco. I didn't order sushi but I heard it was pricey for what it was.  Ambience: Nice dividers between the tables and plenty of two-seaters. Cute place for a date. 	2.0
724	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-08-24		"Wandered in for sushi on a Monday night but the menu was so interesting, decided to try a few ""kitchen"" items, and was very glad that we did. The calamari tempura appetizer was the best fried calamari I have ever had. Crispy light batter, no chewiness, it was perfect, although the sauce was a tad dissapointing, as it seemed to be chili sauce and catsup mixed together- the excellent calamari deserves something a bit more creative. The drunken noodles with beef was also great, the beef was really steak, and the veggies were fresh and not overcooked.  Service was good, food was great, nice to have a sushi place with a excellent kitchen menu as well, I can take my non sushi eating friends and family here and all would enjoy. "	4.0
725	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-07-18		Hanaro is more of a lounge than a restaurant at 8:30 p.m. on a Saturday. The environs are noisy and surfaces dirty. The sushi was very good though and the service very kind and very attentive. It was hard to enjoy the good food when you felt assaulted by the environment though. 	2.0
726	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-09-02		The saki bombs rocked! The bar is the most fun part of the restaurant followed by the sushi bar! Wow I should have read Jarrett's review before going cos I went there too late for the specials. Watching the redskins getting intercepted by Patriot's Jonathan Wilhite was priceless. 	4.0
727	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-12-02		Hanaro is way too over priced for what they offer. Obviously I don't mind spending a little more for good sushi, but this place didn't really impress me with any new rolls or specials. Their cocktails were way too sweet and not enough alcohol. 	3.0
728	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-06-01		Why is there pad thai on the menu?  Hm.  Japanese fusion.  Fine, pad thai on a Japanese menu is soooort of okay then.  Actually, not really.  I guess if you see pad thai on a menu NOT at a Thai restaurant, you can't expect much.  Case in point: Hanaro.  The pad thai was kind of . . . tasteless.  At least, not flavorful.  It was just a mass of noodles with not much taste or texture.  The rolls-- were decent, but nothing to write home about either.  I can't say that I was particularly impressed, and they were rather small portions.    From reading other reviews, it seems that people come here more for the atmosphere and music and maybe the bar scene.  I'd say that people should go for the music and drinks, because the food doesn't quite cut it. 	2.0
729	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-07-07		"I tried Hanaro when a friend was in town. The inside was very clean. They have patio seating which is always a plus.  We decided to sit outside since the temperature was nice. The service was a bit slow but the waiter was ok.   We ordered a couple of sushi rolls. We had a couple Spicy Tuna Rolls, and a couple of the Bethesda Roll. We also tried the special roll of the day which was a lobster salad roll. The lobster salad roll was the best of the three. The other two rolls were just meh. The fish was not very fresh. But the rolls were eatable. Im not for sure if I would go again since there are several other sushi restaurants in the area. But, It wasn't the worst sushi I ever had.  As Jay-Z said ""On to the next one"" "	2.0
730	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-04-05		3.5 stars. Yay for sake bombs in bethesda.  I remember the first time I came to this place, it was empty and I was sad that it wasn't getting nearly as much hype as it deserved.  It was late, and everyone was drunkily being obsessed with neighboring blackfinn.    On visit this time, we sat down to eat.  Thank you, for serving real food until 11pm.  The calamari was phenomenal, the spicy crunchy tuna was good by most people's standards, but not amazing by mine, and the pad thai was possibly the best I'd ever had.  Then again, I don't like the peanut overkill of real pad thai, so perhaps this place doesn't make it authentically - but damned if I don't like it this way a lot better.  I'd noticed immediately things had changed and this place had become super popular since I'd last been.  This annoyed/pleased me.  I was really happy to find that the loud music and obnoxious drunk chatter didn't carry to the dining area.  In fact, we had a rather enjoyable chat over dinner without ever feeling like we were in the middle of a party.     Also, Kudos for the booth divider/screens for privacy. 	3.0
731	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-06-18		Hanaro is a great neighborhood Sushi restaurant in Bethesda. I've never had a bad meal there. The service is nice, and it's actually very kid-friendly. Their rolls are really great, and so is their Korean food (e.g. bi bim bop). It's also a great take-out place. 	5.0
732	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-12-15		Hanaro was...interesting.  We wandered into the bar by accident, which might have been our mistake.  Definitely a great bar atmosphere, but I would've liked something chiller.  Luckily they have that if that's what you're looking for - just make sure you go to the left rather than the right when you go in!  :)  Our waitress was a bit non-existent, but she took our orders and got our food, so can't really complain.  My veggie rolls were kinda eh, but I loved the deal they had.  Vegetarian entree for $15 which consists of 3 rolls, 2 inari, and 2 mushrom sushi, plus miso soup and salad.  Good deal anywhere, and especially in the middle of Bethesda.  Lots of other options available for friends who don't like sushi, including some Thai-inspired noodle dishes like pad thai and curry. 	3.0
733	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-04-21		First time so I stuck with basics: miso soup, tuna, salmon, and a spicy scallop roll. It was certainly good, but not so amazing as to get 5 stars.  The staff were very friendly! 	3.0
734	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-02-14		Fast service, good sushi, awesome drinks (well how can u mess up a rum n coke) and rocking hip hop at the bar plus tvs with sports. Loved it 	4.0
735	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-05-22		I have been to this restaurant about 3 or 4 times. Always had very good service. Wait staff is pleasant and knowledgeable. The Bi Bim Bop is very, very good as is the fried rice and Korean beef dishes. It can be a bit pricey for the sushi. 	4.0
736	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-11-27		I went here the other night for a friend's birthday and it was super yummy.  The volcano roll was the best, but the dragon and green tree rolls also rocked.  The atmosphere was also cool and we had a good time.  The only down side was that the service wasn't very attentive.  At one point I was waiting for water for such a long time, that I got up to get my own pitcher of water and brought it back to my table.  However, since the food was soo good I'd definitely come back. 	4.0
737	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-11-08		I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher rating. Maybe that's because I don't mind paying for good sushi? I only ordered one roll but I sampled from what my friends ordered and they were all good. And the ingredients were fresh-tasting, even the rice. I like their selection of creative, local-themed specialty rolls, and hopefully the specialties rotate because I'm definitely going back. 	4.0
738	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-11-23		Great selection of rolsl and service is always great. This remains one of my favorite places for sushi, hanging out, and happy hour in Bethesda 	5.0
739	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-09-02		"The sushi is decent and the atmosphere is on the trendier side (as opposed to the typiacal Japanese place you might get take out from), I have an issue with the management though. Special rolls are from $9-14 typically, but today (Labor Day) my friend and I were walking by and saw a sign outside that said $3 off all special rolls, so we decided to go in. We had a late lunch/early dinner (around 3:30) and when we got the check we noticed that we did not recieve the $3 off each roll ($9 off total, three rolls). My friend said to the waiter right away ""oh what about the $3 off deal?"" and he said that didn't go into effect till 4:00pm (time was not mentioned on the chalkboard outside at all). He clearly felt a little bad/awkward, and without us even asking for him to honor the deal, he said ""I will go talk to my manager."" (We then saw both of them go outside to look at the sign). A woman (for any other management wondering, she had straight, blonde, shoulder length hair; lots of make up and huge, fake lashes) then came to our table and very loudly (as if to embarass us, but still in a professional tone) started telling us that she was sorry for the confusion, they will be changing the sign, but even thought the time wasn't on the sign outside that ""everyone"" knew the deal didn't start till 4 and that it was ""clearly posted"" in all of the ""literature"" all over the restaurant and that she wasn't going to honor the $3 off  (""all of the literature"" being some fine print on the menu that she admitted wasn't even on the same page as the special rolls, which is the only thing we even looked at because of the sign outside). Now honestly, she wasn't being bitchy in her tone, but she was very clearly trying to stick to her guns and act like the sign wasn't misleading and that we were just stupid and, tough luck. When we still didn't look happy, she offered to comp the $3 edemame. Normally I wouldn't engage in fighting my case after being told no once, but the way she was handling it was really rubbing me the wrong way. I got the impression she was a waitress or hostess or something and that she didn't want to bring it up the the manager for fear of getting yelled at so I asked her if I could talk to the manager (very nicely, as if to relieve her of the responsibility) since she said there was nothing she could do. SHE WAS THE MANAGER! Then she offered to take $3 off one roll for each of us (in lieu of comping the edamame). I told her thank you, that that was better than nothing and that we appreciated it, but that I was shocked that a business wouldn't eat the additional $3 (for the third roll) in order to make us happy and have us become repeat customers that would tell everyone about how great Hanaro customer service was. She went into some monologue about how they can't change prices for everyone who comes in expecting the deal before 4:00 and I said ""but you're changing the sign, right? Then you shouldn't have this problem again."" Needless to say, bad customer service = a bad Yelp review. Sorry lady. "	2.0
740	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-02-21		I've had worse, but I've definitely had better, too. I've liked all the sushi I've had there, the wine, the salads; the crabcake app is weird but pretty good, and the tuna tataki app is pretty good too. I did not like the noodles at all. I first ordered the Drunken Noodles and they were so yucky and salty and otherwise flavorless that I sent them back and got a Pad Thai instead. It was marginally better.The service is very nice and the ambience is too, but as far as food, I'd recommend Raku way higher. 	3.0
741	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-09-10		Considering I've been having a hard time finding good Japanese food besides the food in my kitchen (just joking my cooking is horrible), this place is pretty decent. Anyway, the sushi here is awesome although it's California-ish in that it's mostly rolls and a bit Americanized. But the fish is fresh and the rice is seasoned just right.   I usually opt to sit at the sushi bar so I can get instant gratification just ordering it right there. Also, the sushi chefs are really funny and good company. My favorite roll has to be a tossup between the cherry blossom roll and crispy California roll.    I don't recommend the agedashi tofu or the grilled meats on sticks.   They also have this thing call midnight sushi, where they serve sushi till around 1:30am. I don't know if it's every night or just the weekends.  I'm glad this place is near me considering I'm already a fan.  (^_^)v 	4.0
742	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-06-16		"I don't know how these other reviews are anything but 5 stars. This place is by my count one of the best new restaurants in the DC area.    Maybe it's the items ordered.  Doraku has an item that is a special every day I've been there (4 days in the last 12 or so) called ""spicy tuna sandwich.""  This is like mini finger sandwich shaped rolls....  The flavors, quantity, and presentation are tremendous.  Last night I tried Pad Thai for the first time, and I think it was the best I've ever had.  Gyoza (veggie) also hit a great height.  Beef tenderloin yakitori is yum, and the avocado salad with tuna is wonderful. Great selection of saki.  Really knowledgeable and dedicated staff.  Nice atmosphere.  Run, don't walk to Doraku. "	5.0
743	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-2-24		"I am kinda confused what this restaurant is called because it says ""Hanaro"" but everyone knows it as Doraku?? Anyhow I went to the restaurant/bar to support an ex-co worker's hip hop music release. It's a dine-in restaurant earlier in the evening and it turns into a lounge with hip hop/ house music type of place. The sapporo beer in a large bottle is about $9 each. They also had happy hour special for Saki Bomb and Martinis. The sushi rolls were good especially the spicy ones. I also ran into my old chef from Haraku - Chef Justin gave me a nice roll with my fav fish - white tuna (or really escarole) it was delicious! Overall the place is cool with a huge asian crowd reminded me of Honolulu!"	3.0
744	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2013-01-26		Good sushi. Good/Fine service. Sad ambiance which makes eating there sort of depressing. Get take-out. 	3.0
745	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-04-04		"""Grand Opening: 10% off your meal!"" This was the sign that greeted us last night as my parents and I walked into Korean-owned Doraku to support our brethren. Little did we know that we were the very first customers on the very first day of their opening. =\ Awkward...  The most lasting impression that was left on me last night: It seemed like the staff was suffering from a case of the first-day jitters. The manager/owner (?) was patrolling the grounds, giving last-minute directions to his staff, the servers were huddled around the kitchen door, talking and laughing nervously, one server was running back and forth the dining room at full-speed as if there were some catastrophe. All these things are excusable, but I was most frustrated at our service: our server wasn't as familiar with the menu as he could've been, we waited about 15 minutes between each course, the staff hounded our table and continuously asked if they could take our plates away before we were done with them, and the server acted a little bit too familiar when my dad asked why our sushi was taking so long.  I can't complain about the food, though. Other than the edamame that seemed like it was left in the steamer a bit too long, the fish was fresh and delicious. We ordered the Sushi V.I.P. (around eight pieces of nigiri, $17?) and the Sashimi Deluxe (three pieces each of around five types of fish, $20). We also ordered the Agedashi Tofu ($4) for our appetizer, and it was yummy.  The space looked nice - dark furnishings, cool lighting, marblish tables. Though there was still daylight  coming in through the windows, I could see how this place could really come alive at night. They also had a much better selection of sake than most Japanese restaurants (Japon, my favorite, is $26).  I do have to write a note about the name. How many __rakus can there be? Raku, just down Woodmont Ave. offers a similar menu (sushi and other Asian fusion entrees), decor that's also a bit trendy and sleek, and sushi dishes that are served on long, narrow dishes. Considering the proximity to Raku and similarities of the names, you'd think that they'd try pretty hard to distinguish itself from Raku.  I do want to go back after a month or so, after things get settled. Stay tuned for an update. "	2.0
746	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-04-10		Four of us went here for lunch. The pad thai did not get good reviews -- I tried a bite and it was too sweet. The flounder was good, though the batter didn't seem quite right to me -- and didn't think it was worth $20 plus.   I had the wasabi fried rice. It had the vegetable medley (with corn as well) that I don't really like, it wasn't fried, there wasn't much flavor -- and just wasn't memorable in any kind of way -- not bad, but not something I would order again.  Service was very friendly and attentive. Lunch special did include soup and salad -- but everything was served at once.   Doraku has only been opened for a short while, so I feel a little guilty about writing a review after one visit and not giving them a chance to work out the kinks. I would be inclined to try it again if I hear good things, but the food really didn't impress me. 	2.0
747	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-08-27		Worst service.  I went there with my friend &amp; was planning on just grabbing a drink because I didn't think I'd be able to find vegan food on the menu. However, our waiter assured me that the miso soup was vegan so I ordered that with a side of edamame. The edamame was good, but you can't really mess that up &amp; so was the miso. I was happy with the restaurant so I decided to take my parents there a few days later only to find out that the miso soup is made with fish stock. Pretty frustrating 	1.0
748	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-06-20		Everytime I pass by Doraku I am intrigued, I love sushi - I love a new Bethesda sushi restaurant ( I am not so enamored of Raku or Hinode - or even everyone's favorite - Matuba)!  My sweetie warned me away, saying he heard not so great things...and so today, I thought - poop on him! I am gonna try it!   My mom and I went - and it was really nice! We were there for lunch, and I got the Sushi combo A ($9) and my mom got Sushi combo C (also $9).  I had tuna Nigiri - the fish was a generous piece, and the California rolls that came with it were fresh and good. My moms rolls (a crunch salmon tuna thing) were also really nice - light and tasty.   The service was attentive and friendly. What I saw on the inside seemed nice too (we ate outside).    All in all, it was really great - and I so will be back soon - even though I feel like I am cheating on my favorite places ( Aji Nippon in Bethesda, Sushi Ko in DC and  Echigo in Santa Monica!) 	4.0
749	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-09-04		I vomited right after eating here last night. The spicy tuna roll was gross tasting and the chicken teryaki was nothing but an over-grilled slab of chicken with no sauce. Rude bartender. 	1.0
750	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-08-07		Went here on a girls night out for dinner....really loved the atmosphere!  Definitely try the Shrimp Tempura (we had to order a 2nd) Since it was a girls night...we were able to share several dishes...all the dishes are full in flavor and delicious so it would be hard for me to pick just one! Highly recommend! 	5.0
751	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-01-27		Super friendly service at the bar.  Nice shrimp tempura roll as well as spicy tuna roll.  Would definitely come back! 	4.0
752	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-03-04		I have mixed feelings on Hanaro. When I walked in with my friend I was ready to walk back out. We arrived at 8pm on Friday and so a crowd is to be expected anywhere in Bethesda, but this was ridiculous. The bar is in the front of the restaurant right where you walk in and it looked like it had been invaded by every 20 something in MoCo.  The food was generally good, though not the best Japanese fusion I have had. It was pricey for what it was- but remember the location in downtown Bethesda.  The restaurant has these paper dividers and the feet stick out into the hallway. It was so crowded that the patrons kept accidentally tripping over them and thus moving the paper walls of the seating area and making them rattle when people walked by. A little bit distracting. 	3.0
753	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-04-25		OK, I never write reviews but thought I should do my duty here for the greater good.  Food here is sub-par.  Sushi is not the greatest and the environment/wait staff is mediocre at best.  Seaweed salad - 9/10(you cant mess this up)  Beef teppanyaki - 2/10; this place has no clue what this dish should be; presentation was horrible; I could make this at home a whole lot better  Various sushi rolls/nigiri - 3/10; def not fresh  Go here for happy hour and their drinks, not their food! 	2.0
754	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-04-12		$9.95 Bento Lunch boxes are an excellent deal.   You get miso soup, salad, 3 California rolls and 2 gyoza with each box, plus sushi or teriyaki or tempura or two Korean choices Gal Bi or Bi Bim Bop etc.  My daughter ordered the Gal Bi box and it had lots of tender ribs, rice and kimchi too.  I had the sushi box with two pieces of tuna and two pieces of salmon.  A very satisfying and tasty lunch in a nice, warm atmosphere.  There are two nearby public parking garages (on Elm St./St. Elmo Ave. and on Woodmont) plus street parking at meters if you can find it. 	4.0
755	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-06-19		Hanaro has the best Sushi in town. It outshines previous favorites (Sushi House &amp; Sushi Damo), and the staff and service are great.   Fridays they offer happy hour until 9pm: 20% off rolls, 3 for 1 sake bombs, &amp; drink specials all night.   Hanaro offers a lounge setting for a more laid back night in Bethesda. Real hip-hop spins on Friday &amp; Saturday nights (a welcome change in Bethesda).   The prices are on par with all other local sushi spots. I would rate it $$, I'm surprised that it's currently rated as $$$, that's inaccurate.   Best Roll: Maryland Roll (8-10 pieces for 10$ ($8 during happy hr))  Best drinks: Sake bomb / John Daily 	5.0
756	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-06-11		I had a happy hour here for about 15 of my employees, and it could not have gone any better!  Staff and service were great, food was good, and fast.  Amazingly cheap bottled beer prices.  I think we drank over 40 beers and got 10 apps. And the tab was under $300.  We will be back soon! 	5.0
757	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-04-18		"Doraku isn't as bad as some of these reviews would imply. Some people are being overly critical of an independent restaurant getting off the ground. Openings are rough enough when you have a corporate entity behind you, let alone one with no support.   That said there are a few areas of improvement that could be made with the service. However I'm fairly confident they will be ironed out. My first complaint: I asked them to up-charge me from my side salad ($4 ordered separately) that came with my main dish to a seaweed salad ($6 on menu). I assumed they would charge me $2, that being the difference between the two items. Nope, $6 straight up. I chalk this up to the waitress not paying attention or not having enough training on the computer to know how to sub an item in. Service-wise, thats my only major complaint. Second complaint: the soy sauce container on the table was empty, easily remedied but thats like having an empty ketchup bottle at a hot dog stand. Minor but just unacceptable.  The food was decent. I thought it was a little on the pricey side for what it was but not completely unreasonable. For me the Ceviche was perfect. Tangy, light and only a little bit of cilantro for a very refreshing starter.  Seaweed salad is hard to mess up but the Miso soup was disappointing. The tofu was nice and silky but the broth was very bland. Definitely needed more salt.  For my main course I had the Bibimbap for which I received grimaces from my date because we weren't in a Korean restaurant and therefore must be crap. WRONG! That dish is awesome! Sure its ""americanized"" (if americanized = awesomeness then I'm fine with it) but veggies, rice, filet and eggs mixed with a brown sauce in a hot plate right on the table makes this American's mouth water. MMMMM BEEF!  After eating all that I then went to work on my date's sashimi platter with an addition of eel. The fish and the eel was definitely fresh. Too many places serve fish, and especially eel, that is getting ready to turn and has a ""fishy"" taste. Not the case here.  Overall it was a positive experience. Left full in the belly but a little lighter in the wallet. The few kinks with service and the bland miso is what really brought my opinion of Doraku down but if they make a few changes this will be a very popular spot in Bethesda "	3.0
758	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-05-23		"for some ""old-skool"" hip-hop and some of the best sushi in the DC metro area.  this hits the spot.  for the cheapster's and i-don't-care-about-fat, try the baked california roll, with its delicious aioli atop a California roll...and baked.  ergo, the name.  then i'd go for the specialty signature redskins roll or the dragon roll.  i love edamame and it can be a hit or miss at this establishment (i've had it pretty hot and fresh at times; other experiences left it brown and cold).  but who doesn't love LATE NIGHT sushi they offer on most fridays and saturdays.  this place is a go-try-out.  i keep coming back for more.  trust me:  i've been meticuously looking for the best in DC for the past 10 yrs and have experienced sushi heaven out in Japan &amp; Cali.  P.S. and for you all sports fan, the bar is a lounge/local place to hang out if you wanna watch the latest games.  trendy enough, it won't scare any girlfriend.  and NO peanuts on the floor.  staff is fun and friendly as well. "	4.0
759	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-11-13		Boring Sushi place. Slightly trendier decor does little to distinguish it from others in the area, and it is pricier.   They should take a trip to Manhattan, learn what a trendy Japanese restaurant is, and bring that to Bethesda. Now that would be something to recommend.  -John 	2.0
760	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-12-30		Hanaro is amazing - love their happy hour menu - 20% off many rolls and appetizers and cheap drinks.  The sushi is fabulous! Never too crowded... 	5.0
761	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-07-19		This place is great.  I wish I took pictures of the rolls.  They were great; Dragon Roll, Volcano Roll, Firecracker, Green Tree Roll.  Service was good.  We were there on a Monday night, was not busy.  I would love to go back.  Well worth it. 	4.0
762	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-03-09		'Doraku' changed its name to 'Hanaro' maybe one month ago, but as I understand it nothing is different.  The guy who sat us recently said that there was some copyright issue with 'Doraku' so they changed the name, that's it. I like the food here, we always get sushi.  We're big fans of the happy hour from 4-7, which has $2 rail drinks and 20% off select sushi.   The wait staff is really great.  Back when it was 'Doraku', they made the drinks very strong, but not so much the two times I've been there as 'Hanaro'.  Still like this place very much, definitely one of the better sushi places in Bethesda. 	4.0
763	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-05-29		From what I remember, the service was good and the food was decent. I also remember it being pretty expensive. I've had better pad thai though. There's lots of seating. An easy to find restaurant. 	3.0
764	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-03-22		Looking to refuel after a run earlier that morning, my friend in I stopped in here for a late lunch. We sat at the bar so we could also get in our fill of March madness games. We ordered a variety of rolls to share... the Firecracker roll, the Dragon roll, spicy salmon nigiri, and the avocado cucumber maki. Everything we tried was amazing (though my favorite of the bunch was the firecracker roll - spicy tuna and salmon with tempura bits and chili sauce). I can't wait to come back to try more of their offerings since a few other of their signature rolls sounded interesting. The staff was friendly and attentive. Elegant decor. My friend and I both agreed it would probably make a good date spot. Since this place is a short walk from work for me, I can definitely see myself coming back to take advantage of some of their lunch specials. 	4.0
765	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-11-25		I've been here twice, once for my birthday and second for my boyfriends birthday.  When I went for my birthday I had a party of four with my girlfriends.  I feel that time I had ordered was mediocre and felt that the sushi bar up the street, Matuba, was much better.  I got the shrimp tempura roll, maryland roll, and spicy tuna...nothing special. The second time I went my boyfriend insisted we go there because he remembered it from before so I gave them another shot.  This time we really got into the food...and drinks with six of us total.  We ordered probably about five bottles of hot sake, a bottle of chardonnay, beer, and four horsemen all around.  We started off with some edamame and steamed shumai! Delicious! I could eat those all day.  We ordered the shrimp tempura roll, california roll, white dragon roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, and lobster meat) AND the sushi platinum which included: tuna roll, eel, squid, surf clam, yellowtail, spicy salmon, and shrimp. Def recommend this place and it's a great scene for friday, saturday nights.  It's a bit expensive but they made it up to me the second time and think it's worth it! 	4.0
766	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-03-18		Horrible service, rushed, didnt go over special roll of the month and was pushy. Dropped the check when he dropped the last glass of wine ordered. He could have waited on the check. I am a server and thought the service was horrible. Me and 5 of my friends came from Baltimore and VA to have a nice dinner and were rushed. We asked for seweed salad sustituted instead of the house salad and he said the chef said no, thats un acceptable. Ask a manager and they should be able to do so. Seweed salad is not made to order. We would have paid the upcharge. Never will go back or recommend. Food was ok . 	1.0
767	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-01-11		"Average food. Nice interiors. We had a <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Frestaurant.com&amp;s=c5fe485af4df376130bee54f875814d79c4d7913e1258123b1206d2bdbf4873b"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">restaurant.com</a> certificate but it seems they stopped honoring those a while ago. But the owner still gave us 20% off the bill. Not sure the price matched the quality fo the food. Definitely better at the bar for drinks and light fare. "	2.0
768	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-08-19		saki...BOMB, saki...BOMB!, saki....BOMB! Happy hour Fridays are great. Great drink specials. Their saki is great and their sushi is just aa great. Combine the two and throw in a hot chick with it and your in for a GREAT evening out! Did i mention that the Sushi is great?! 	4.0
769	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-01-20		The sushi is pretty good quality, but it's too expensive for what you are getting.  I recommend Tako instead for Bethesda folks.  Definitely not destination type place. 	2.0
770	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-10-02		Love Doraku. Period. Love the sushi, love the miso, love the pad thai, love the saki bombs! Slightly over priced, but it's Bethesda, so is that really surprising? But a great atmosphere, decent outdoor seating, nice and attentive staff... Overall a great sushi place. 	4.0
771	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-11-17		Pretty trendy looking sushi spot in the northern part of downtown Bethesda.  The bar area was empty when we got there at 7 on Saturday night, and didn't understand the hostess reluctant to seat us at a table in the bar area when the dining area was full.  30 Minutes we figured it out once the bar crowd came in and further damaged my ear drums.  The Doraku House Maki rolls were very filling. I got a Redskin's Roll and Roll of Rolls at $9 each. 	3.0
772	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-03-16		Bang on the Bar, every Friday  Are you Serious?  Happy Hour begins at 4pm. -$3 cali rolls &amp; 20% off Signature Rolls - 2 for 1 sake bombs - 50% off drink specials  From 9 to 10pm  3 for 1 Sake Bombs &amp; 50% off Bottles of Sake 	5.0
773	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-09-26		So sad about what's happened to this place. I have not been able to find a good sushi place in the DC area in quite some time. I went to Doraku a few weeks after it opened, and thought it was great! Good sushi, great happy hour, good staff.  After a few visits, something has changed.  I've been there 7 times... the last 3 visits were absolutely horrible!  The food does not taste the same - The spicy tuna is foamy. The tempura is spongy. The Seaweed salad is fishy.  What happened?  And to top it off, the manager is so unprofessional, it has ruined several visits in the bar area. He must either own the place or be the son of the owner,  because there is no other reason he should have that position! He actually talked loudly to his staff in the middle of my service about their schedule conflicts last time I was there. And this past visit - he rested his head on the hostess podium as if he were going to take a nap. Never ONCE did he help his staff clear tables, even though my table needed to be cleared as he passed 3 times!  Too bad. 	1.0
774	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-05-01		I took my family for dinner at Hanaro. The setting are not bad. It looks more like a pub than a regular Japanese restaurant. The waitress are freindly.. The menu includes Koren , Japanese, and Thai food.  After the appetizer was served, we found the quality/quantity is way below average. Agedashi Todu sucks and not tasty at all. Calamari and Teriyaki skewer are the worse we had in recent years. even Softshell crab is bad. The probelm is they use wrong flower for deep fly... anyway, it is bad, period.  The worse thing is when the dinner are served, they are flies. Because the light is dark and we did not see flies at the beginning. Later, we found flies land on the Sushi when my wife tied to eat it. We told the waitress and she quickly took that piece of sushi away. Minutes later, the manager/owner (Mike Han) came with a replaced peice of shusi. My wife ask him he should take care of the flies in the restaurant, he answer with a bad attitude that he can not catch all the flies when they come in with customers. We all shocked by his answer and just keep quiet. Later, we found more flies and get really XXX. Just think if there are flies in the dinning area, how much more are there in the kitchen?? Really, how many time we have seen flies in restaurants or even good grocery store?? This place is disgust with bad management. Alos, it is pricy. we spent more than $100 for 3. and the quality and quantity is Bad.  Avoid this place. 	1.0
775	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-04-30		My boyfriend and I ate here recently and I was pleased with the vegetarian box that included miso soup, salad with peanut dressing, mushroom houses (at least that's what they looked like), fried tofu triangles, and lots of sushi! If only we'd known it was going to be so much food, we wouldn't have ordered the edamame and separate order of sushi! Oh well. All the food was good and it's close by for us. We sat outside and enjoyed the warm weather and people-watching. I'll definitely be back for my next sushi fix. 	3.0
776	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-06-27		I've been to this place a couple of times now. I like it. I recently lived in Japan so I guess I can say I know a thing or two about Japanese cuisine. I won't say that this place takes me right back to Japan, but it's pretty good. They have a fairly large selection of sake and the bartender even let me take my unfinished bottle home one time! The staff was very friendly and polite. The place was clean, which you definitely want in a sushi restaurant. I've been to Matuba quite a few times also, which is right around the corner. Matuba may be a bit cheaper but I think their service is getting a little sloppy. So I'll probably be going to Doraku before Matuba from now on. 	4.0
777	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-08-06		I've been to Doraku numerous times and everytime I go, I'm super impressed. This is my new favorite restaurant in DC/MD. When it comes to fresh sushi and Asian cuisine, Doraku delivers! Cafe Asia who?  There's no comparison, the menu is superb, the staff is friendly and the management really goes out of their way to make you feel comfortable and welcome! This restaurant is exactly what the DC metro area needs, I here they're expanding to Arlington VA in the future. I highly recommend the Rock Shrimp Tempura and the Combo Pad Thai! It doesn't get any better! Get to Doraku ASAP! 	5.0
778	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-06-17		I really enjoy Hanaro.  I thought that Doraku was a cool name, but I digress. I seriously enjoy the sushi here.  I have replaced some of my old haunts with this place, simply because the sushi is fresher and larger for the same price!  What more to ask for?  Plus, I really enjoy the waiters, they're all pretty nice.  All in all a great place to stop by and grab some sushi! 	4.0
779	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-05-23		I thought the late night menu was good and very reasonably priced.  Has anyone gone there during after hours?  I would like to  know what ppl felt about it.  I actually enjoyed myself, they had a live DJ and the place was very laid back and the crowd was very grown and sexy. 	4.0
780	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2012-04-16		The chicken wings were delicious--heavily breaded, crispy and covered in a sticky, sweet sauce. The service was friendly. But the sushi and maki itself was mediocre at best. The fish looked pallid and limp, and it was flavorless. I'm pretty sure it was frozen first. Everything tasted the same in flavor and texture. No extra crunch to the crunch rolls. Nothing stood out. I'm beginning to think that I've become a sushi snob. I didn't mean to become one; I like a good stuff-your-face-with-cheap-rolls deal as much as the next person. But maybe I've outgrown that. Enough people seem to like this place, so if you think your standards are in alignment with theirs, then this place might be just fine. If you've gotten spoiled by a few higher end places, this won't cut it. And I'd venture to guess that there are still better middle-of-the-road sushi places out there. Though I'm in the dark on that one. 	2.0
781	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-06-01		Def the best sushi in the DC area.  They add a new twist and flare to asian food and sushi.  My list of recommendations are; Baked California roll, rock shrimp apetizer (crispy, sweet and spicy), bulgogi steak, philly roll, and the list goes on.  Prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly. 	5.0
782	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-02-09		We were going to Matuba for a late lunch...but they close at 2 PM.   So walked around the corner and found Hanaro.    Actually glad we did they have a very nice menu.   Tried their bento box and it was a large serving for only $9.95 can't beat that!   Definitely will go back again! 	4.0
783	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-10-28		something isn't right about this place; i think its the poor &amp; rushed service. I felt like i was being rushed to finish my dinner as employees began sweeping &amp; making loud noises with the dishes. The only reason why it gets the 2 stars is for the good quality sushi but nothing spectacular. Try other sushi restaurants instead of spending your time &amp; money at Hanaro. 	2.0
784	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-02-13		The food is REALLY good here.  The service was okay.  I would come back.. 	4.0
785	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-07-18		Very good food. NIce and Clean. Service was a little slow. 	4.0
786	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-05-23		Ugh... I live very close, and would like to eat good sushi, but not here. The rice is absolutely dry and shriveled, and the fish was as close to stale as can be. The soup was tasteless, and was just awful. The server was rude. Never come here if you have had REAL sushi before! 	1.0
787	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-01-02		just moved to bethesda. so i went out to try some places in walking distance.  broke the golden rule of never eat in an empty restaurant during peak hours-paid the price.  average food.  cheap Ingredients.  high price.  avoid 	2.0
788	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2010-02-20		On a friday night we had about a 20 minute wait for a table for three -- the wait in the bar area was...LOUD.  So it was a relief to be seating towards the back, much calmer over there.  Had a great beef yakitori appetizer -- very flavorful.  Had several signature sushi rolls and they were fresh and interesting. Free refills on the hot green tea was nice too. Once we were seated, we were pretty happy with the service.  One of the better sushi places in the area -- I prefer it to Raku and would come back again. 	4.0
789	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-09-30		This place has changed, and it hasn't been open very long...  I have been to Doraku maybe 5 or 6 times, mostly during the happy hour in the bar area.  I was initially impressed with both the food and the service.  Both have dropped off dramatically since my first visit.  The quality of the sushi just hasn't been close to how I remember it being the first time, and the atmosphere has become unbearable.    While some of the staff is friendly and helpful, the main issue I have with this place now (other than the food) is the manager.  When he walked by and I got his attention  to change an order before the waitress put it in, he did so and it was fine.    BUT, the rest of the time he was so unprofessional that my friend and I couldn't wait to get out of the place.  It's a young staff, and I think he enjoys being the boss and it shows.  Because he's in charge he can talk as loudly as he wants and joke around inappropriately behind the bar?  The loudest, most obnoxious person in the restaurant should never be the manager ... it's that simple.  I'm very disappointed because initially I was happy to have a new place to go once a week or so for some decent sushi and drinks after work. I will NEVER go back to Doraku, and look forward to trying the new Japanese restaurant being built just down the street. 	1.0
790	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2008-04-25		Doraku is just what Bethesda needs. I am not sure what the others who are complaining about. The prices are fine, the service superb and the management excellent. The only reason why I didn't put 5 stars is because I wish there were more vegetarian selections.  I went with friends last night and the free sake tasting was a hit. What can be more blissful: 80 degrees, lounge music, free sake, great service and being with your friends. The lounge is set to open this weekend and should be a huge hit.   I have gone with a variety of friends and have had several dishes on the menu. We have had great service from Fati and John. The wait staff here make sure to check in with you no matter if there is a crowd or not. Here is what we have liked so far.  The spicy tempura shrimp appetizer is perfect- not too breaded or spicy. The tuna pizza is a pleaser for those who love the raw tuna. The avocado salad is wonderful with the right pizzaz of miso dressing.  The pad thai is generous and very good( made by a thai chef) and is not too buttery like others can be.   The california rolls are made with the right rice and the avocado ratio is not too overwhelming.  The crab spring roll is filling and cooked just right. The udon is enough for two people at least. When you get food to go, it is packed with plasticware, extra rice, chopsticks and is in a nifty divided box. You just have to remember to take it with you as you pay your check! The above dishes were purchased by our group at least 2x before we decided how great they are.  The menu is innovative and the food is superb. They do happy hour specials from 5-8pm Mon-Fri. They are 50% off wine ($2.50 house wine, 2 beer etc) and 20% off most appetizers. Who can beat that?  Gene and Oscar are the managers who circulate the dining areas to make sure that everyone is having a pleasant dining experience. I am sure that if the first reviewer would go back and explain about what happened with the hostess, that the managers would take care of them.  Each time I have been there (its been 5 times now) there have been no problems except that we eat too much. The problem that I have with people who write reviews after being to a restaurant one time is the fact they have gone one time. True, first impressions are important but think about what this place used to be Cafe Europa. The entire place has been modernized and brought an Asian lounge to Bethesda. The upstairs lounge is set to open this weekend and then sometime soon there will be a late night sushi menu. I urge people to go to the restaurant themselves and sample the food!  I still love Raku but Doraku has a special place in my dining budget.   I am a fan!  The music is great and the decor sleek and stylish. This is a restaurant that has true staying power which is alot to stay for Bethesda. 	4.0
791	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-07-26		Hanaro (formerly Doraku) is a great spot for a fun dinner and good sushi. I have never really tried any of the other dishes aside from sushi other than the lomein which is good. We frequent this spot for their HH specials - great priced sushi rolls as well as beer, wine and martinis. Hit up Hanaro with friends and sit in the comfy booths, or go with a date and sit outside to people watch and enjoy some good wine and sushi! 	4.0
792	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2011-02-05		excellent tuna rolls. very price sake. upscale  atmosphere 	4.0
793	hanaro-restaurant-and-lounge-bethesda	2009-10-16		"After reading other reviews, I felt compelled to write about our experience at Doraku (previous name).  We have probably been here a total of 4 or 5 times and this was quickly becoming one of our favorite japanese restaurants.  I really enjoyed the spicy shrimp tempura appetizer and my wife liked all of their fancy rolls.  Last time we went there was last december, everything was good as usual, except about two hours after we finished stuffing our faces with yummy seafood, both my wife and I, almost simultaneously, had to suddenly run to the bathroom.  The diarrhea and puking lasted the whole night (very very long night).  I have never had anything like that happen to me.  When I finally regained the strength to walk and talk, I stopped by the restaurant to let them know what happened.  The hostess told us that the manager is out, but she would take a message and he would call back.  I left a detailed msg, but never heard back...  We have later learned from our neighbors of other people who also got sick at this restaurant (but that's just hearsay), needless to say, we have had enough of Doraku or whatever they call themselves now (we were told they changed their name for ""legal reasons""). "	1.0
794	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-09-18		It looks like Matuba has either closed permanently, or is reopening as a Japanese carryout.  I've been going to the sushi buffet for at least ten years, and it's a very sad day when my favorite restaurant shuts down.  Thanks for the memories. 	5.0
795	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-08-23		I've been here for twenty minutes.  I've asked for water with no ice, and hot sake.  I've received ice water and cold sake.  There are peach air fresheners EVERYWHERE, and I wonder if I'll even be able to taste what I ordered ... which wasn't what I came here expecting to get, since their website and their actual menu are nothing alike.  Oh, and I've seen my waitress' butt crack.  So there's that.  We won't be back.  Edit: our gyoza was cold, and they brought someone else's roll to our table.  We tried to cancel our order, and were told we couldn't. 	1.0
796	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-12-14		What happened here?  Matuba used to be a much better sushi restaurant. Now, it is a sad shell of what it was....the sushi was mushy. Thankfully I was fine, but I was very disappointed in the quality. The seaweed salad was tiny and EXPENSIVE for the amount you get with it. Service was fine, nothing great.  They once had a ginger dressing that was great, but that is no more.  It went bye bye. Sad times for a sushi lovers in Bethesda. 	2.0
797	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-04-12		Owned and run by a Japanese family, Matsuba has been an establishment in Bethesda for as long as I can remember.  15 years ago we used to go for their weekday lunch buffet of all-you-can-eat kaitenzushi (conveyer belt sushi).  Prices have definitely gone up since those days and they also now have a very strict rule that all rice must be eaten and not hidden away in napkins or you have to pay double!  So I hadn't been to Matsuba in about a decade until recently I went with a Japanese friend for their Saturday lunch.  We got bentou which came with access to a wonderful and fresh salad bar with many fresh salad items and vegetables, including moyashi (bean sprouts), and delicious sesame dressing.  Prices were reasonable and I was very full by the end of lunch.  Certainly a nice spot for a casual and healthy lunch. 	4.0
798	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-04-18		"Omakase: from the Japanese word for trust, literally ""it's up to you"", is an invitation to the itamae to present you with the best fish available that day. It is the opposite of buffet. Not that buffet doesn't have its place; I think Matuba's putting it in the basement is an appropriate place. So think sashimi extra deluxe, both in quality and price, in this case $34. The only thing close to ordinary was the green tea. The starter was a very good miso soup, crammed with slices of fresh shiitake mushroom. The arrangement of seafood slices included tuna, yellow tail, kampachi from Japan, scallop, mackerel, and uni (sea urchin). All were incredibly fresh and delicate. I don't think I will ever be able to order uni again unless it is guaranteed to be fresh - compared to this all previous were stale fishy sludge. I don't know if I will go top shelf too often, but I'm curious to see what the regular grade fish is like here.. "	5.0
799	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-06-09		Sweet staff. Mediocre sushi. 	3.0
800	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-01-17		"Matuba's old fashioned decor in a building that looks like it's seen it's time makes this restaurant unappealing in comparison to the options in downtown Bethesda.  So, my suggestion is to choose another location if your concern is decor.  The furniture feels circa early 90s, including the revolving sushi train (aka rotary buffet) in the back of the restaurant for lunch.  The service is mediocre to poor.  I have been here a few times, and the wait staff is cold and inattentive.  I always feel like I am bothering them because I am there... However, let me add in that I don't eat the fish, which most people tend to do at a sushi restaurant.  Still, in looking around and checking how others were being treated, the service seemed to have a blanket effect of: ""ok, we'll seat you and bring food if you order it... because you're here, and we're supposed to do that.""  The menu prices for lunch are reasonable, so that helps redeem this place from 1 star.  If you like all you can eat, $12.95 for the lunch buffet of sushi seems ok.  They have basic sushi pieces, edamame, fruit, salad, teriyaki chicken, gyoza/ dumplings and tempura.  If you're vegetarian, you can eat a few of those and request for some veg sushi pieces.  The folks working inside the rotary buffet making the sushi are pretty nice - don't forget to tip them.  If you're veg, on the lunch, sushi and dinner menus, there are about 10-12 options, depending on how you count them.  I wouldn't trust the miso soup, as it likely has a fish broth base.  Other choices include salads with avocado and watercress, classic seaweed salad, and sushi pieces with cucumber, avocado, grilled peppers, grilled mushrooms, grilled asparagus.  The tempura may have egg in the batter, so be careful if you can't have that.  Decent choices, but not anything fancy or special.  Standard basic veg options, but again, prices are pretty fair.  The flavors are nothing outstanding or mind blowing, but they'll do.  If you go expecting mediocrity and bad service, you will have a decent meal experience. "	2.0
801	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-11-22		I'm happy to report that the original owner is back!   The menu is a bit smaller but the food remains excellent. 	5.0
802	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-10-11		The food at Matuba is delicious and well priced. It is in a remote location of betheada but worth going to. It has a strange smell of fish or an ingredient though. The servers are nice and the food is good 	4.0
803	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-07-12		New owner and chefs. Lots of rolls, but the variety and quality of fish has taken a nose dive. For many years every Thursday they used to get fish in from Japan; so in addition to the standards there was always a selection of specials on the board. Now all the specials are rolls, and the fish selection is boring and bland. I think this is because you can get away with lower quality fish when you are drowning it with mayonnaise based sauces in combinations that hide the taste of the fish.  I've eaten here for nearly 20 years and experienced ups and downs, but the new iteration is taking some getting used to. Its no longer owned by a Japanese family, and a lot of Japanese tradition that's behind a Sushi restaurant has gone.  The final straw on my last visit was when I ordered spicy tuna donburi, thinking this is so simple, how can they mess it up ... I was horrified. Rice was off (more like steamed rice, than short grain sushi rice with Mirin and rice vinegar); tuna was mixed with something (tempura batter, or panic crumbs) and not seasoned with Sriracha chili sauce. It was horrible. I'm now going to another Japanese Restaurant in Bethesda. 	1.0
804	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-11-03		One of our go to spots for sushi during the work week. A small rotary sushi bar is in the back for an AYCE special. Various options to choose from. If there is something you want and the sushi chef has the ingredients, he will make it for you.   This place gets filled up quick, so either go when lunch starts or towards the end. 	4.0
805	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-07-12		Very sad to say this, but our longtime favorite sushi chef has moved on, and instead of replacing him at the sushi bar with one of the talented guys who are usually upfront, he was replaced with a new face who as of our last visit had a hard time keeping up the pace with the conveyor belt, and definitely did not have his predecessor's golden touch when it came to seasoning spicy tuna. We came back about 4 times since the staff change and are now on hiatus. I would be willing to try again in six months and see if the new chef is up to speed. 	2.0
806	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-10-03		Sushi sushi sushi!  The bf is a sushi fiend so we zoomed here one night. It's not much of a beauty, and we headed straight back to the rotary buffet bar, which is even less appealing in terms of appearance. Their selection, however, is great! It runs the gamut, from shrimp, tuna, salmon, eel, rolls, to tempura veggies and tonkatsu.   It is $20 per person, which is high for me since I eat like a bird. It's not an unreasonable pric3 at all, though, and the bf had enough to cover both of us (I stacked all my plates on his side!). 	3.0
807	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-01-30		All right, I am lazy. I have been going there for almost 8 years ( on and off). I have to agree with most ppl here, service has room for improvement, so does the outdated decor. There was one incident that my dad try to order from the display and they told us they don't have it ( I was like, u need to update your display accordingly if you don't have the dish available!)~  I normally go there for the affordable lunch special and salad buffet! Yes, salad buffet. I only had the sushi buffet once and it is just too much food for me. But, the salad buffet is something that keeps going back!  Picked bean sprout, jap style potato salad, broccoli, tomato, lettuce - it is not much of choice but the ginger and sesame dressings make them good! 	3.0
808	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-08-14		The new conveyor belt chef is very slow and had eliminated some favorites from the lunch menu. 	3.0
809	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-03-24		I used to love their rotary sushi buffet.  However, when I went back couple weeks ago, chef at the sushi bar and the chef at the rotary station are different chefs from before.  I should have realized the owner have changed.    I sat at the rotary station for 20 minutes, and spent 15 minutes looking at empty belt and rest of the time looking at cucumber rolls.  Salmon, tuna, and shrimp sushi are like the rare items that only show up every 10 minutes or so with scarce limited quantity.  Also, you won't get the same two sushi on a plate.  The genius chef will mix it up.  Like a tune and a shrimp on a plate, or a salmon and a shrimp on a plate.  You won't get the same two kind on a plate.  The chef will also make sure you don't over eat by keeping track what you have eaten and bypass sushi from you.  I ate no more than 6 pieces of sushi for the whole time.  This is so far the worst dining experience I ever had.  I walked out of the restaurant after looking at empty belt for more than 15 minutes.  This is such a shame.  The restaurant has been there for more than 20 years I believe.  I am pretty sure I will never go back again. 	1.0
810	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-03-20		I went to Matuba to try the buffet, the fact that the plates are passing on a belt is pretty cool; but seeing the same food during 15 min is not cool. The chef only offered california roll and spicy tuna roll for 15 min....I mean, seriously? After those 15 min we got some salmon and tuna sushi, chicken skewers, fried wottons, cucumber rolls and orange.That's it. A super poor variety, with huge amounts of rice that couldnt fit in your mouth, wasnt fresh at all. I am very disappointed with this place, is very convenient cos I live very close, but not worth it for the price (24$) a completely waste. Im sticking better with Satsuma right beside. 	1.0
811	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-05-02		"Confession #1454332: 20 years of living in the DMV and I have *never* been to Bethesda. I guess when it all comes down to it, if I'm going to cross state lines....I'm a PG County girl myself. Don't hate!  I was in the area to celebrate the FAB Mike B's debut into the Md Burbs Yelp society so I figured why not make a whole night out of it? I wasn't really sure where to go but the uncomfiness of my heels dictated that I head over to Matuba for some sushi.  The decor is nothing to write home about. Plain undecorated tables and a very unfortunate looking fish-themed banister that separated the upper and lower seating area. Service was friendly but slow even though it was a mostly empty restaurant.   The boy and I ordered four rolls to split. To quote my boyfriend: ""These rolls are giant...literally and figuratively."" The rolls were humongous! But they also tasted like they were prepared at our favorite neighborhood supermarket chain store. The rice was too sweet. The fillings uneven. The fish did not taste fresh. Even the seaweed seemed a little bit damp. Overall they were not my favorite but they did the trick.  We were also surprised by the presentation. All of the rolls came out on one long plate stacked right on top of another. I don't need a sushi boat (ok, maybe I do) but there was no love put into these rolls whatsoever.  Soy Sauce: Only the red-topped Kikkoman adorned the tables. With restaurants offering more health conscious options for consumers every day I was surprised that they did not have low-sodium at every table. Even my neighborhood shop in Centreville does this! They do offer gluten-free soy sauce but a small bowl costs an extra $1.50. "	2.0
812	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-05-08		Food is still good and staff very friendly. Take out orders are promptly prepared and still good when you get them home. An old favorite where I had not been for years. Glad to be back 	3.0
813	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-03-17		I had a really bad experience here. Bad service, not friendly at all. We had to pay before entering the rotary bar, including tip. The plates at the rotary bar were dirty (swipe your finger underneath it) and had no lid on it. To top all that, I had a salmon roll made with warm rice... 	1.0
814	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-3-18		Matuba is a wonderful place - the manager is a very friendly guy and remembers everyone.  The sushi buffet tue-sat is a remarkable gluttonous experience and worth every penny.    I've eaten at Matuba probably 50+ times and have never gotten sick (important for a sushi place) and the place is immaculately clean.   I love Matuba.	5.0
815	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-8-22		I've been eating at Matuba for over 27 years and was unaware that the original owner recently sold the restaurant. The only thing the new restaurant has in common with the old restaurant is the name. My wife ordered a Bento Box and the hot food arrived cold. My sashimi was not properly prepared and largely tasteless. The dragon roll was equally disappointing. The service was fine until I paid for our meal and revived another diner's credit card. I'm looking for a new sushi place.	1.0
816	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-1-25		Still the best deal in town. Matuba is really 2-restaurants under the same roof. The fixed price all you can eat rotary bar; and the regular restaurant and traditional sushi counter which makes outstanding omakase using seasonal fish, some from Japan.	4.0
817	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-5-12		My rating 4.5* based on eating at restaurants in Japan, San Diego and San Franciso. I've been eating at Matuba in Bethesda for  10 years and over this period its been hit and miss, standard US sushi experience, but about a year or so ago something changed, and Matuba is now seriously good. Yes there are a couple of better (and much more $$$) Japanese restaurants in DC, but Matuba is delivering outstanding value, if you avoid the usual offerings and the rotary bar upstairs, and come at the right time with an open mind and palette.  What changed is that Matuba started offering Omakase (Chefs Choice) Sushi and  Sashimi. Order this Thurs-Sat, because thats when they serve fish flown in from Japan, and its orders of magnitude better that the standard sushi or sashimi combos on the menu. Traditionally, to order Omakase in Japan requires that you already have a relationship with the Itamae, who  will serve you the best of what's available, based on your likes and dislikes. Matuba is not so sophisticated, but you should let the person taking your order if there's anything that does not appeal (but if you don't try how will you know?).   Try it and be delighted - all for $28 at lunch - really outstanding.	4.0
818	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-12-30		Put it this way - if more than 10 days have passed since our last visit, Matuba staff assumes we've been travelling.  The sushi chef at the back buffet is SOOOO friendly, does an amazing job at putting together quality quickly, and he remember your favorites (and sometimes spoils you:)  Their spicy tuna is some of the best I've sampled - their eel is ALWAYS perfect - thicker slices, only a tiny drizzle of the sauce or none at all so you can really feel the flavor, and I would walk their barefoot from Capitol Hill in this 30 degree chill to get a piece of their salmon right now.  Also, when they have the softshell crab - DO NOT MISS IT!  AND THE PRICE! $18  per person for great quality sushi buffet is unreal - it must be the volume and consistent repeat business that allows them to keep it up.	5.0
819	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-07-23		How can I resist this restaurant that's about 2 blocks away from??! I've walked past this restaurant many times - a cute white building with a window display of their sushi, noodles, etc (you know those plastic fake food things that you used to play with when you were a little kid?). A friend finally mentioned that she likes this place so we stopped by. The restaurant is larger than it looks... there's some seating in the front... and then more seating at a higher level towards the back. Nice decor and friendly staff to greet you at the front entrance.   Service was quick/prompt... though we came on a Monday evening.   - Green Tea :) - Gyoza: 5 small pieces. Crispy perfection on the outside, flavorsome filling ... with some dipping sauce on the side - I think the entrees come with soup and rice... The miso soup was good. Two-three chunks of tofu ... not much to say here - Katsudon - I LOVE DONBURI. And this is what I was craving... soooo good! Though I added some soy sauce, because I was craving a little more flavor. The egg and pork cutlet were both fresh and delicious... over a bed of rice - Sushi - my friend got the sushi... I tried the spicy tuna roll and it tasted fresh...  - Dessert - I wasn't too big of a fan of the mochi ... it was the rice cake that tasted weird to me... but the Black Sesame Flan was delicious! If you like black sesame, it's not too sweet, this is a perfect dessert for you!  Street parking &amp; Mont co public parking nearby... close enough to metro/Bethesda circulator... so parking isn't an issue.   Lovely little place in Bethesda, I'll be sure to come back and try their sushi belt.... 	4.0
820	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-06-18		Some of the best sushi I've ever had. The lunchtime rotary buffet is an awesome deal, providing you with a constant flow of delicious/fresh sushi. The chef in the middle of it all is very kind and puts on a show as he makes the sushi. Save your appetite. 	5.0
821	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-01-07		I used to come here all the time for lunch, and then I stopped doing two things (1) spending $15-20 on lunch everyday and (2) being a fatty who would not make her own lunches.   However, I recently came again for dinner in the hope that it was still a solid choice for sushi, and it was.  Both the Miso and Shitake Miso soups were perfect and all the sushi we ordered was good, except for 2 pieces of yellowtail toro which were a bit fishy (but I was fine later, so no harm done). My only issue with the nigiri was that the pieces were on the smaller side.   We had a nice sized shrimp and veggie tempura and while ever so slightly over battered, the batter had good flavor and was fried well. I also enjoyed the variety of veggies which included wonderfully meaty portabellos, broccoli, sweet potato, and red bell pepper.  One qualm about the crunchy spicy tuna roll was that there could have been less crunch and more tuna.   However, I very much enjoy their shrimp tempura roll, which is not really sushi but basically just an excuse to somehow cram more calories into fried shrimp by wrapping it up in rice.   The staff here is nice, and even after an extended absence patronizing this place, I recognized many of the waitresses and the sushi chefs. 	3.0
822	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-01-06		Dinner buffet review ($19/person)  I came here on a Saturday around dinner time and thankfully there was no waiting for a party of 3. We paid up at the front and the hostess took us upstairs to our table. We got a pretty nice spot next to the rotating sushi belt and we were able to grab whatever we wanted (2 pieces per plate) and best of all ...the food kept coming. Our plates were cleared pretty frequently and our cups were never empty. I really enjoyed my experience here and would recommend this to anyone who's a sushi fan :) 	4.0
823	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-05-19		"These folks don't know what chicken is.. I ordered the chicken teriyaki for lunch and the best part was the rice. I didn't even want to finish this meal, let alone take the leftovers home. It looked good and I'm sure their sushi is good, but the chicken was so fatty I swear they just gave me seasoned rubber. Maybe they made a mistake and gave me duck! Whatever it was, I won't be eating here again.  STAY AWAY FROM THE ""CHICKEN"" or whatever it may be.. "	1.0
824	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-08-29		"I remember coming here about 15+ years ago and liking it.  Dare I hope:  Was it STILL good sushi?  Yes....it was!    Although the decor is a bit weathered....I think the fake sushi models in the wind are the same ones from over a decade ago!  However, good sushi that doesn't cost an arm and a leg is indeed a rarity, especially in Bethesda!  Got the ""Business Lunch"", which consisted of various sushi and miso soup for $9.95.  A darn good deal (again in Bethesda!)  I noticed that the chicken teriyaki is priced at $7.95 which is the same as what you would find in a mall style sushi place.....  So this makes it a good deal in a sit-down place in snooty Bethesda!  A short walk from Bethesda 3, although you can cheat and take the Bethesda Circulator.....  I'll be back! "	4.0
825	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-06-14		I was so disappointed with my last experience at Matuba. The waitress was very good but just my overall experience with the sushi buffet wasn't on par with the past. Well first off my favorite sushi guy (Pit) was not there. Second they barely made any of my favorite handrolls. Third people from the kitchen (one looked the owner or manager because he was in a dress shirt) kept coming out to look at us to see if we're still eating or still sitting there-very uncomfortable. They basically stopped making sushi to tell us it's over.  I mean we barely ate.. It just looked like we did because we had a huge party.  I used to love this place and I used to crave ... Not so much now.  The sushi wasn't even that great.. Nothing really wowed us. 	2.0
826	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-08-28		How sad to see a restaurant that was so good turn into something awful.  From the service to the food, it was terrible.  The waitresses seemed to have no clue of what they were doing, and got everything wrong, or were just plain inattentive.  We waited more than 30 minutes before the waitress brought a bowl of edamame we hadn't ordered, on the house, to apologize for the delay. Then the table behind us (at the 55 minute mark) received their sushi even though they came in long after us.  But the food - that was the real kicker, it was so bad.  We ordered tuna tataki roll (a staple at the old Matuba), and instead received some weird roll covered in shamrock green sauce that was simply terrible. They gave us another tuna roll as a consolation prize, I guess (said we wouldn't be charged for it) that was just bland. The sushi used fish that tasted fresh but was way oversized for the rice, and the rice itself simply fell apart.  Completely the wrong texture and consistency for sushi.  I mean, how much more basic can you get.  We left much of the meal uneaten, and they did take something off the bill, but we couldn't get out of there fast enough and won't be back.  If you are under new management, shouldn't you disclose that, at least?  The new owners should be ashamed at the terrible quality and poor service.  Ugh... 	1.0
827	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-05-09		This was once a top sushi buffet but has fallen drastically since they started to fill their conveyor belt with non-sushi items, obviously to get us to eat less fish. Very disappointing. Also, the chef is supposed to place plates of sushi on either sides of the moving belt. Yesterday he didn't so all the fish was taken by those in front of me. Either way, I'm done with this place 	2.0
828	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-02-14		Very disappointed. We showed up at 145 for the lunch buffet on Saturday. Not greeted  when we entered. Finally a waittress seated us and did not even offer the buffet. We had to find someone to ask about it.  Once at the conveyor belt buffet they only served california rolls, salmon, shrimp and a little bit of tuna. Very plain and simple. If you are looking for anything more, like we were, you will be disappointed. Additionally, the server was inattentive and hard to find. We will not be back. 	2.0
829	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-05-31		"Really 2.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.    I never knew that there was a conveyor belt style sushi buffet in Bethesda, until the day I ate there.  I was so excited to give it a try since I actually like (good) sushi buffets, although there are not many in existence.  So, like others have said, as soon as you walk in and say you want the buffet, they make you pay first.  $12.95 isn't bad, but then they taxed on another $2 per person for tip because there were 4 people in our group.  HUH?!  First of all, it's a buffet---the waitress brings you a water and that's it!  Second, 4 people isn't considered a large group!  I wanted to say something but since it's their ""policy"" there was no point.  So, the buffet came to $15.  OK, this better be great.    So you walk up some stairs, then down some stairs, into a small room where the coveted conveyor belt is.  We sit down and start to go to town.  There wasn't a huge variety but basically different kinds of California rolls, salmon nigiri, edamame, and chicken teriyaki.  They also had some delicious mini spicy tuna hand rolls.  Everything came on little plates, which were polished off quickly.  The thing is, at a small table with 4 people, the plates piled up fast and our waitress, who now has an $8 tip under her belt, did not clear them once.  She also seemed to disappear from the face of the earth.  We were sitting there trying to eat off of towers of plates and it got uncomfortable and awkward towards the end.    All in all, pretty good for a sushi buffet---but not worth $15.  Hinode down the road is a lot better, more variety, and slightly less expensive. "	3.0
830	matuba-bethesda-3	2015-04-10		Re-reviewing this place.  SO the buffet is terrible now.  The chef does a very poor job at managing how much food is out on the belt and seems perfectly content standing there with the same terrible cucumber rolls going around in circles while nobody eats.  At one point i asked for some salmon sushi and the pieces he gave me looked like the fish got into a boxing match before getting fished.  half of it was practically black.  i just put to my side and said thanks and never touched it.  He seemed to care very much about how much someone had and not really willing/caring about the customers.  the quality of each item was terrible, falling apart, bruised, plain, boring.  If you listen closely you can almost hear the hopes and dreams of the owners being flushed down the toilet.  Never going back, been going there for years and would bring several of my friends every week.  Giving them about $120 a week easily.  I was actually there the day the old chef had his last day.  I found out it was going to be his last day there before going to the Virgina Matuba.  It was the closing hours and i was with one friend of mine and i think one other person was in there... It was so dead silent.  I started to tear up because i knew nobody could EVER replace him.  He was the friendliest guy you've ever known.  Whenever he saw me heading down those steps he would start working on a roll he knew i really liked and would give just me the entire roll.  This was before i said anything at all.  He also would do it for my friends and anyone else i was with.  It opened up other people who I was with to ask for things leaving everyone very happy.  It was very clear this was a chef that was happy when his customers were happy.  I would go here every weekend, rinse, repeat, it was a part of my weekly schedule... and now, its not. 	1.0
831	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-09-26		Very fresh sushi and very well prepared. Best in the area, and I've tried many. You won't be disappointed. 	5.0
832	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-01-31		"IirasshaimasEEEEEEEEEEEEE.  Do you like sushi slinging Japanese dudes  yelling random words to your honky ass? Do you like sub $10.00 sushi lunch, and feeling like a fat kid when you're done? Do you live a life of solitude that only allows you 30 minutes for lunch? Do you like Japanese women treating you like a king?  If so .. this spots for you (and me).  Location: Check. Price: Dirt Cheap Ambiance: WTF is that? Meh .. you cant have it all.  So listen people. You come here when you want decent food at a decent price. High grade sashimi, go elsewhere.   Lunch Special: 8.95 for Miso Soup, A roll of your choice, Salad, and a main entree. Seriously ... 9 bucks? Jesus is crying .. oh lawd. For the price I'm floored. Never been a line and I'm outta there in 20 minutes top, with paying.  What frustrates me? They are chincy on giving you ginger and ponzo sauce. Infact, I can order it for free at the bar .. but at the all you can eat bar its $1.50? Wut?  Sushi Buffet: Unless you're in the know, you'd blatantly miss this. It's fight-club esque and you need to read the fine print hidden on the one tiny wall next to the stairs. Read it and be in awe of $12.95 all you can eat sushi. Fuck yea. When you are finally given the secret ""hey come on back wave"" (AFTER YOU PAY FOR BUFFET FIRST), you are shown to the back room where na entire carrousel awaits you. The chef in the middle of the conveyor, watches you shovel sweet sweet sushi down your throat with an awkward smile. I can put down about 25 plates, but then again .. it goes to my ass. What is frustrating, is the fact they don't put the full menu out on the conveyor belt. They basically dumb it down to california rolls and other basic items. So in reality, it's not much better then ordering off the menu if your into variety.  So 3.5 starts (I rounded up). Quick and tasty.  Arigatttttttttttttto! "	4.0
833	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-10-15		Absolutely fantabulous ;) seriously...food is great. Staff are VERY friendly I would go there again and again and hell yes people GO CHECK  EM  OUT 	5.0
834	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-10-03		Lunch buffet is mediocre compared to Hinode. Rotating sushi format is limited by design and the rice to fish ratio is way off. Contrary to other sushi buffets, this is definitely quality over quantity. Haven't tried regular rolls however so I can't speak to that. 	2.0
835	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-06-03		I really wish I didn't waste my money here. We had miso soup, the crazy roll, spicy yellowtail tuna roll, bagel roll and salmon avocado roll.  The miso soup was lukewarm and the tofu was tough. At first I was miffed to pay $2.50 per bowl when they only filled the bowls halfway, but after a few sips I was glad they spared me.  The crazy roll was a ripoff. At 14.95 I was expecting a lot- honestly it tasted like a shrimp tempura roll ( even though it has tuna and jalapeño). The sliced tuna and avocado on top of the roll were slivers- it's clear to me they are trying to control costs.   The spicy yellowtail tasted super fishy, which to me is a bad sign. The bagel roll had more cream cheese than fish.  There was nothing redeeming about the visit. I won't be back.  I used to enjoy the rotary buffet but their quality has gone down and I legitimately worry about the freshness of the fish. 	1.0
836	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-09-11		"I've been eating here all my life. I have tried 95% of the dishes. I go there at least once a week. My favorite roll is shrimp tempura roll.  Here is what I have to say about the restaurant:  1. Raw fish is always fresh here.  2. Great service.  3. When you dine in for lunch, it comes with amazing ""custom"" salad.  4. If you go on your birthday, you get a free dessert as well as drum roll.  5. Everything on the menu is a great portion/value and price.  6. I have never experienced the buffet but it's pretty popular (usually packed. So arrive early!  7. I don't recommend the Tonkatsu or any of the Udon.  8. Go when they have specials (ie. Mother's Day or Anniversary in November).  9. For those who don't love raw fish, get the The California Lunch Box. It comes with tempura, chicken teriyaki (with skin or without skin), pickled cucumbers, california rolls, and rice.  10. If you can, check out their Happy Hour. They have discount sushi and small plates.   If you have any questions about a particular dish, drop a comment. "	5.0
837	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-07-24		Dear God,  Give me enough room in my tummy to fit thousands and thousands of pieces of sushi inside.  Love, Stephanie ___ To the reader of this review,  The sushi at Matuba is delicious! My first trip to Matuba, I sat at the sushi bar and told the chef to give us everything he had. He would make 2-4 pieces of sashimi, pass it over, we would consume too quickly, but to our delight, more sushi was being passed over the bar. Everything we tried was fresh and tasty: ahi tuna, scallops, octopus (suction cups... that was a first one for me), and more.  I enjoy anything fried with creme cheese - so their fried oyster sushi was very tasty! (not fishy at all)  Not my style, but my boyfriend tried the tempura soft-shell crab for appetizer and was very pleased with the flavor. It was a bit expensive, but for good sushi and the quality of freshness, it is definitely worth it and I will now be a frequent diner. 	5.0
838	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-04-12		Came here on a Friday night for the sushi buffet dinner.  We paid up front and walked to the back.  There were plenty of seats available, and we were able to sit right in front of the conveyor belt.  They have one sushi chef making an assortment of rolls/handrolls: California, salmon, tuna, spicy crunch tuna, salmon skin, salmon and avocado as well as appetizers: shumai, dumplings, edamame as well as fresh melon and orange. My friends and I enjoyed stacking our plates as we ate.     Overall were pleased with the food...definitely got our money's worth. 	3.0
839	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-4-12		I love this place for their sushi buffet and the sushi guys-hes the friendliest! They have a good variety of sushi there for $19/person during dinner time. There's spicy tuna hand roll (it's the best!), salmon skin roll, salmon with avocado hand rolls, tempura, salad, eel, salmon, tuna, white fish, octopus,  dumplings, shui mai, fresh fruit, edamame, etc. My other half and I usually put away 25-30 dishes and nobody is there to judge us (not that I care.. It's a buffet!)  The only thing that bugged me was that they automatically assess a 15% gratuity for parties of 4 or more. My fiancé and I went with another couple.  We paid separately so technically we're two ppl each but they charged 15% on my tab. I didn't feel like making a scene so I just paid for it. It was an additional $6 for what? The waitress didn't even come to refill our drinks! For that... I'm taking away two stars!  Anyhow, tip the sushi guy! He deserves it!	3.0
840	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-6-1		Whenever I go here i normally go for the buffet.  Hands down the best buffet sushi in the area, nobody else comes close.  you can always place requests for certain rolls or sushi.	5.0
841	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-04-16		I did not have a good time, the place was a mess and the service was extraordinarily slow.  The food was also mediocre for the price. 	1.0
842	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-05-16		This lunch buffet is pretty awesome 	3.0
843	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-02-15		Went in for happy hour. Service was friendly, ambience was nice and relaxed. But the food was a disaster.  - Sushi: Generic sushi, but even for generic American-style sushi it was of low quality. Rice was hard and fell apart. Fish was not particularly fresh or flavorful.  - Grill: This was particularly memorable, as we ordered some grilled mackerel. It came out overcooked and dry, which, okay, happens to all of us, but even overcooked and dry, it tasted fishy, like it had been sitting in the fridge for too long. Normally I loved grilled mackerel, but here, I could barely choke it down.  Maybe there are other things on the item we should've ordered instead (every restaurant has its highlights and misses), but based on what we had we would rather go elsewhere than stick around and find out. 	1.0
844	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-12-22		While the waitresses can be a little tough, the sushi are never disappointing. Very affordable combos of sushi with a consistent great quality of fish, Matuba is a must go for a sushi urge. I rarely had anything else but sushi there thus I can't comment on the rest of the menu. 	4.0
845	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-01-04		Matuba is like a bad ex-boyfriend. You know can do better. You know you deserve better. But sometimes a girl feels weak, she gets vulnerable, and goes back, only to be reminded of why you dumped him in the first place. After avoiding this restaurant for what had to have been at least a year, I was craving an all-you-can-eat sushi feast. So I caved.   The service is just offensive. I walk in and a woman storms up to me and yells, 'what do you want!?' 'umm lunch buffet?' 'YOU PAY 12.95 NOW!'  Bitch, you are lucky I'm too hungry to put you in your place.   After paying, I walk over to the conveyor belt area. It is completely packed and there are two guys in front of me waiting. The one waitress working the area doesn't say a word to us. She doesn't stop and explain how long I will be waiting and ignores me when I try to get her attention. Finally after 20 minutes, seats for us open. We walk to the chairs and she storms over demanding a receipt proving we've already paid. Again, so lucky I was hungry (at this point, more like hAngry).  So the food, it's okay. You get what you pay for. The fish is pretty fresh, but nothing impressive. They do keep the conveyor belt stocked so you're not waiting long to grab something new to eat. But there is an awkward sign on the wall where the restaurant threatens to charge you double if they see you just eating the fish and not finish the rice. Matuba, you are not my dad. Don't tell me how to eat my food.   The whole experience left such a bad taste in my mouth. But my tummy was full, and for the most part happy. I may not cross this place off my list completely, not yet. I am conflicted. Much like most women regarding their ex-boyfriends. 	2.0
846	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-07-10		As buffet sushi goes this is very good. Keep in mind if is buffet sushi--all you can shove in your face for $13. It's not fancy or special, it's standard fare-tuna piece sushi, simple rolls and some tempura and other kitchen fare like edamame and dumplings. The regular restaurant is good, and has a more dynamic line up. There are other sushi places I like better but when I am really hungry I'll stop in at the buffet and feed. 	3.0
847	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-07-08		This is for the sushi buffet located in the rear of the restaurant.  There were 4 types of nigiri which consisted of tuna, salmon, yellow tail, and shrimp. The rest of the food comprised of hot items from the kitchen (dumplings, fried rice, tempura, edamame), various rolls, salad, and fruit (orange slices and melon).  The sushi was very standard (yellow tail was the best although the least dispensed nigiri), but because it IS a buffet you can consume as much as you want.   I don't think I can ever eat sushi again until I return to Manhattan. 	3.0
848	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-06-14		I've been for the sushi lunch buffet twice now. I'm all about options and the novelty of getting to pull food off of a conveyor belt so I'm clearly a fan. I don't think it's the best quality but I'm always satisfied. And the staff is friendly every time I go. If you didn't know about the buffet, you have to pay up front and then walk up a couple of stairs and turn and go into the back room. I totally felt like I found a secret room the first time I went there. I think one day I'll have to just try their regular lunch specials so I don't get so stuffed! 	4.0
849	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-08-13		Nothing like fresh, authentic sushi. This is a small, homey establishment. The conveyor belt go round and watching the sushi chef go at it was quite an experience in itself. $40 for two people is well worth it. I must say, however, that I wish there was a little more variety in the rolls and a lot LESS rice (despite being Asian). I suppose it is typical of a buffet, but I'd rather fill up on sushi grade than rice. Planning on trying the downtown DC sushi belts, but am terribly fearful of disappointment. Will def be coming back here. 	4.0
850	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-06-10		The buffet sushi is mediocre at best, but at $13 all you can eat, I can't complain too much.   The selection was very limited. Mostly tuna and salmon nigiri, some fried rice, tempura shrimp and vegetables, and the occasional maki.   This is a small step above grocery store grade, so make sure to get your money's worth by stuffing your face. 	3.0
851	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-04-21		I had my birthday dinner here in late December, on a weekday. My party had the upper floor all to ourselves, and even though my original reservation was for 12 people, the staff was fine with a few more extras on the day of. There was a lot of various sushi and teriyaki ordered. Food was pretty good, and I remember some of the girls sharing a green tea ice cream that they enjoyed. I got a complimentary ice cream with a cherry for my birthday on my friends' request. The waiters were all very nice, and I think I spoke Mandarin with one of them. Not sure if that helped anything or not.   I placed my reservation with them through Open Table, and that went very smoothly. Parking can be found at one of Bethesda's many many many garages, and there's one right down the street from Matuba. 	4.0
852	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-10-19		Forgot to bring out sashimi dinner dish. Waitress forgot some other things. Sushi quality was average. Staff very friendly though. 	3.0
853	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-04-15		Staff was unfriendly with poor english.  The place had poor ventilation and an odor.  The decor was drab and furnished sparsely. 	1.0
854	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-05-10		I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. Selection: tuna, salmon, white fish and eel nigiri sushi; tempura (1 each of shrimp, zucchini, sweet potato), cold noodles, fried shumai, fried dumpling, fruit (1 slice of orange and melon), bowl of edamame, bowl of salad with ginger dressing, tuna and avocado roll, tuna hand roll, and a salmon skin hand roll. I'm a generous grader with sushi but this buffet was a disappointment. Fish was very thin compared to the rice. Atmosphere is pretty bad and service was awful. I would never come here for a date. I'm glad I tried it because of the hype but would never come back even at the $19/pp price tag. 	2.0
855	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-03-01		"Norm: Hey everybody. All: Norm!  Reminded me of 'Cheers' when we entered (and exited) this long-standing spot.  The hostess and the sushi bar chefs acknowledged everyone - quite inviting.  Their welcoming souls were the highlight of this dining evening.  3 stars for the cold green tea.  Nothing else added but ice - refreshing.  To be fair, we only had their rolls.  Hubs didn't feel like sashimi so we had a mini-roll party.  A photo of our choices are found in their business profile <a href=""http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53x-aApvrqmh3rWqnRC8ZA?select=t2QSm2_n5HpdmKFJJSwU6Q"">yelp.com/biz_photos/53x-…</a>    The salmon w/avocado, shrimp tempura and spicy tuna were the three picks.  Okay amount of wasabi on the side w/slices of artificial pink pickled ginger (gari).  Rolls were a bit ricey.  Possibly a newber chef?  Looked pretty, though.  My favorite was the wasabi - yeah.    And I think the lady expected us to order more.  After we made our selections, that was the quickest menu-grab ever.  Like super-hero quick.    Then, later, when she asked if there will be anything else and we said no, it was like magic.... voilà - the bill.   How'd she do that?!?!  She should change professions.  That kinda talent should take you far in a circus.  Maybe she's tired.  Maybe she's hungry.  Maybe she should've stayed home.  Maybe I should end this.    No hard feelings.  I forgive quickly.  Nothing more than farts - it happens, stinks then goes away.  Now S.B.D.'s are a different matter. "	3.0
856	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-04-11		Came here for lunch on a Friday around 12:30PM. Very busy, but it quieted down around 1. I would shift my lunch back a bit to avoid the rush. Since it was my first time, I was a little confused about where to sit. All of the staff seemed busy and I felt I was unable to ask questions. I eventually figured everything out though. I tried the sushi buffet. Again, since it was pretty crowded, I had to wait a bit for a seat to open up. But once I sat down, it was a pleasurable experience. There was plenty of food on the belt, with a good variety of dishes. The chef was very friendly and cracked a few jokes. I felt like I ate my money's worth. I plan to return to sit in the main dining area and try out other dishes. 	4.0
857	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-03-19		Matuba's Pros:  1. great for cheap sushi and a lot of it 2. great for when you're just plain old hungry and don't care about the sushi experience  Matuba Cons:  1. very cramped seating in the front (my poor booty couldn't get through) 2. The sushi is the most mediocre I have had, and I am a fan of Harris Teeter sushi. 3. It took twenty minutes to get our meal and people seated ten minutes after us got their food first. 4. The spicy salmon and yellowtail are not spicy at all, the Wasabi isn't even spicy (my boyfriend can attest to this). 5. yes, the rolls are many from A La Carte, but the value is sub-par compared to places like Murasaki in Tenleytown. 	2.0
858	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-11-12		Staying at Double Tree. Very convenient location. Prices are just about right. Food was pretty good. Only complaint was that there was a very bad odor near the front door. I adviced the manager and they thought It wsa funny. Other then that not a bad place 	3.0
859	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-01-05		To me, the most important facet of a restaurant is it's price/quality/quantity mix.  If the place has a 6/5 for quality, but costs $100 per meal and only gives you 3 bites of food, then I would only score it as 2 stars.  Also I've only had the rotary sushi buffet at Matuba, so I can only rate the buffet.  That said, Matuba's buffet deserves a 5 because: 1) The food is very fresh and though it may not be Michelin 3-star quality, it's still quite good. 2) The sushi chef is friendly and will ofttimes ask what the customers want.  If you become a regular, he has a good memory and will make what you like specifically for you.  The waitresses leave something to be desired; but when it comes to buffets, it's all good as long as the empty dishes are cleared away. 3) For $13 lunch or $20 dinner ($18 on Thursdays!)?  This buffet is worth every penny.  Hmm.  I think I'll have more Matuba tonight... 	5.0
860	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-09-21		If you have not tried their conveyor belt buffet, you are missing out! The sushi chef is so friendly and he even takes requests!   The sushi is delicious and the hot plates that they offer (shumai, edamame, etc) are delicious too. The price is reasonable for both the lunch and dinner buffet.   I love coming here and I would highly recommend it. 	5.0
861	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-10-31		Wow... an old favorite sushi place when I lived in Bethesda.   After many years, still great! The sushi buffet/ rotating plates was a pleasant surprise.... I usually avoid these, but the sushi was very fresh and there was a variety of options. Jam packed too!  Will be a regular again :-)) 	4.0
862	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-06-29		Always fast, friendly, and satisfyingly delicious.  Don't let the outside fool you, it's a notch better than any of the nicer, trendier places in town, and much better than some other places we've tried. 	4.0
863	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-03-04		Okay - so I'd probably give this place a 3.5 -4 star rating.  This review is of the conveyor belt/bar area - not the sit down menu.     First off... you don't go to a conveyor belt sushi restaurant for the most innovative and fancy sushi.  You go for (good), cheap sushi.  You go when you want  a lot of sushi.  And Matuba is perfect for just that.  I patroned Matuba's during a weekday for a lunch with co-workers.  For less than $14 I ate a lot (I'm sure I scared my boss with the amount of sushi that I ate).  In fact, I  didn't eat dinner later that night because I was still full from lunch.  Overall it was good times chatting with my co-workers and having fun plucking dishes off the conveyor belt.  Good variety to share (many of the dishes have a couple of samples so we could grab a dish and share among each other).  And some sushi pieces were more tasty than others.  You had your good ole' standbys like california and spicy tuna rolls.  I was surprised to see a number of handrolls also offered.  The veggie tempura and terryiaki chicken were basic, but tasty.        Again, I would not go here if I wanted the BEST sushi ever.  But if you want good times, good variety and price -- Matuba's is a good place to try.  Even just for the experience. 	3.0
864	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-02-20		You go here for quantity...not quality.  Decided to check out their rotary buffet for lunch this Saturday afternoon.  After we paid first (about $15.50, including tax), we went around the corner, up the stairs, and to the back.  The space was rather small...but luckily we only waited about five minutes for a spot at the conveyor belt.    They offered a variety of nigiri, two hand rolls (spicy tuna and salmon skin), CA rolls, some hot food, salad, fruit, and edamame.  I wasn't too fond of the salad...the dressing was just eh for me.  Both the hand rolls were delicious!  Even though their buffet menu online stated that they offered about ten rolls, the sushi chef loved making CA rolls and spicy tuna hand rolls.  I asked him if they had salmon skin rolls, and he was quick to make me one...and extras to lay on the belt as well.  The chicken teriyaki was tasty, and so was the fried tempura.  Overall the food was pretty tasty, but I do have to say that the quality of the sushi was so-so.  Definitely weren't the freshest pieces of fish around.  The portion sizes were good...I just wish they had more sushi (roll) variety!  Our waitress and the sushi chef were very friendly and attentive.  If you are hungry, craving some sushi and other Japanese food...I'd give this place a try.  I'd go back again when I'm in the mood for a buffet. 	3.0
865	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-03-21		The sushi-go-round buffet is pretty good.  I've never had the regular sushi.  However, the buffet does not have very many items.  A lot of the stuff is fried (which is good, don't get me wrong).  Every now and then, the chef will throw in a spicy salmon roll. 	3.0
866	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-01-27		I want to start off saying that I only come here for the buffet, not for the sit-down restaurant.    First, the food:   The sushi and side dishes are all freshly prepared and delicious.  I really love this crunchy tempura roll with a spicy sauce on top!  And since it's all-you-can-eat, you can actually sample every kind of sushi the chef (who is so adorable) makes and eat until you are FULL. You can probably get even yummier sushi elsewhere, I've yet to find a sushi buffet that is this delicious for this price.      The price: I think the price is very reasonable, and if you stay there long enough, you will see a huge variety of sushi and side dishes served on the rotary belt.  I think Saturday lunch buffets are $15, and Thursday dinner specials are just $17.  The price alone makes this place worth visiting.  This is Bethesda, afterall.    The service: I've never had a bad experience here with the servers. They've always been very attentive and nice.  As soon as your empty plates begin to pile up, someone magically shows up and gets them out of your way.  If you want something you don't see on the belt (like some savory miso soup), you can also ask the servers to bring it for you.  You can also make requests to the chef himself.    I would give this place 4.5 stars instead of 4 if I could.  I took half a star because sometimes it can take a while before your favorite roll shows up on the belt, and you have to find your own street or garage parking.  Overall, if you're ever in the mood for all-you-can-eat sushi, definitely give this place a try! 	4.0
867	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-06-09		I really wanted to like this place. I really did. But, I couldn't. We went here and were seated upstairs, which was fine. However, there were intermittent odors of cigarettes and sewage that wafted through the area from time to time. It was gross (and I used to live literally about 500 feet from a sewage treatment plant!). The food was fine, the service was slow. If it wasn't for the smells, it would be a solid 3 stars. I will, most likely, be back to try the sushi buffet because the other reviews don't mention an odor problem. Maybe I just caught it on an off day? I hope so. 	2.0
868	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-05-20		"Some co-workers and I went to Matuba for a break in the workday. Sushi buffet work day? Heck yes!  My first time at Matuba, I was in awe of the conveyer belt sushi bar. And thennnnn I paid attention to what was on it. California roll, salmon/tuna nigiri, and tuna rolls. I thought, ""Ok...maybe they will bring out more sushi? More variety"" They did, eventually. It was a warm California tempura roll. Gross. The salads were equally gross, with enough dressing at the bottom of the bowl that I thought I was having a miso soup. Edamame was ok, but the real salvation to the meal was the dumplings. Those were YUMMY.   Nothing special at all, except the conveyor belt....but conveyor belts do not a meal make. Matuba, I will not be returning. "	2.0
869	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-06-29		Always a pleasurre!  Great salad bar and lunchtime deals!  Authentic Japanese. 	4.0
870	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-03-31		The great sushi chef who ran the buffet no longer there. Replacement has some issues.   Used to love it here. Food is still fresh, but much more rice than sushi ratio at least at buffet. Buffet does not have as much fish on it. Sad.... Used to be such a nice treat. 	3.0
871	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-09-08		I only give this four because I am a sushi snob.  As sushi goes Matuba is good.  As service goes, Matuba is amazing.  I love the folks at Matuba so I go there all the time.   The buffet in that back is a tremendous deal and the quality if solid.  If you think you are going to get Nobu in Bethesda think again.  Matuba is a solid deal for what you get and is by far the best Sushi in Bethesda. 	4.0
872	matuba-bethesda-3	2014-01-15		We go to Matuba often because it is close to where I work but also because it is very tasty and not over priced. Most importantly I like the way the staff greets you as soon as you get in and they all say hi in Japanese. They do not ignore you like some so called fancy restaurants do. We had never had to wait to be seated as they always find the right table for you and we've been there for both lunch and dinner and we even tried the all you can eat rolling sushi bar. A tip: if you are going for dinner the buffet is more expensive compared to lunch and to my taste not really worth the price plus I prefer to be seated at a regular table and not be rushed into a different room in the back where the sushi bar is. So if you are not a big eater and you like specific items I definitely do not recommend the buffet as the choices are very limited. So now I always go for a Sushi dinner that contains 12 pieces total: 2 tuna sushi, 2 salmon, 2 eel and a California roll accompanied with miso soup. However if you are very hungry I suggest to go with the bento box dinner/lunch as it has tempura, entree in addition to the miso soup, rice, sushi and california roll (May vary depending on the specials or which combo you choose). Last time we went there we got the dry hot sake it was really good and it accompanied the meal very nicely. I also get their hot green tea. I just love their tea and you get free refills too. My husband is some kind of vegan so he always goes for the vegetarian combo with asparagus maki roll, cucumber maki roll, veggie tempura, rice and miso soup for less than $15 which is a great bargain. I am no saying it is the best Japanese I have ever had but for the location, service and the price it is definitely worth it! 	4.0
873	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-05-18		"This review is only for the buffet. The regular sushi bar actually looked quite tasty, and I'm certain the chefs know what they're doing. I, however, made the mistake of choosing quantity over quality.   Matuba is more of a driving destination than one via public transit, but it is possible. It looked to be close to two miles out from the Bethesda metro, but other local moco transit seemed to take you there. If you drive, the street has a fair amount of parking, but the meters run until 10:00 pm!   Once inside, we were greeted by the standard ""itterashai"" followed by some more japanese that I couldn't understand. What I could understand is that the place is definitely authentic, but authentic  delicious necessarily. The host asked us to pay up front, which we did. Damage came out to $38 for two. After paying, we were ushered into the back room where the conveyor belt sushi took place. We took our seat, and saw a few plates passing us by, all of which were standard japanese fare at less than standard freshness. Everything was mostly cold (good in the case of sushi, bad in the case of gyoza and chicken teriyaki). The gyoza were actually fairly tasty that surprisingly still managed to maintain a crunch, however the coldness of it made it less enjoyable. The edamame was also cold. The waitress brought out some more plates from the kitchen. The shumai were surprisingly fantastic, and the tempura was actually quite good albeit a touch salty. The secret is to go when it's slightly busy so that there's high turnover. The owners here want you to eat fresh food however, when you make the same mistake I did and show up 45 min before closing, the freshness wanes significantly.   The main reason we came however, was for the sushi, and believe me when I say that the sushi is a touch above mediocre, but just by a hair. Most of the items consisted of standard rolls and nigiri; california, some kind of weird snow crab roll with far too much kewpie. The california rolls were devoid of roe, which I can understand in a buffet setting. The avocado was fairly fresh and the clearly the saving grace of the roll as the surimi/kanikama that's used here is subpar. There were spicy tuna handrolls which looked alright, however due to the recent national salmonella outbreak, I decided to sit that one out.   The nigiri was in some parts enjoyable, and in other parts barely passable. There were really only two kinds of nigiri floating around; tuna and salmon. The salmon was quite delicious, but they give you a fair amount of rice, which you feel guilted into eating since there's a disclaimer that anyone who attempts to hide the rice in napkins or other hiding places will be charged for each rice infraction they decide to engage in. The tuna was entirely not worthwhile. Try one and you'll be done.   Aside from the shumai, the only saving grace was how incredibly nice and friendly the sushi chef was. We figured out that you can ask for things that are not on the conveyor belt. He had egg, eel, and octopus. The couple seated adjacent to us asked for some egg which he made and gave to them, so we figured out we could ask. He prepared some octopus for us, which is already enough to chew, but with the copious amounts of rice, made for a tough masticative endeavor.  The eel sauce was WAY too sweet, by the way.   The only dessert options were honeydew and orange slices. It's so funny to me how terrible D.C. buffets are. People around here really don't do buffets, and the ones that exist are usually pretty laughable. You're better off taking your $19 and spending it on chirashi or fresh made sushi. "	2.0
874	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-05-22		Let's start with saying that the service was excellent.  We dined at the sushi conveyor belt buffet.  The place is a combination of proper sushi dining and sushi buffet dining.  This review is based on the sushi buffet dining. The food was delicious and a plenty, the selection was enough to satisfy my palette, ranging from the popular 'California Rolls' to octopus and eel nigiri sushi. The sushi just keeps on coming and the preparer was both courteous and friendly, willing to make you the sushi you want when the customer demand is low.  The decor is simple and the seating it is a bit limited but they accommodated our party of 11-people. They don't take reservations so if you have a large party, it's best to come early so that they can set-up. The price is reasonable set for buffet dining and kids between 4-6 and 7-9 have different lower pricing.  I highly recommendation the place for your sushi dining. 	5.0
875	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-10-01		"Dear ""Jane"" Matuba,   I'm breaking up with you. Now, don't cry. It's me, really, it's me. Ok, maybe a little of you...ok, a lot of you. But, you've got to admit, we've grown apart. We're not the same anymore. We used to enjoy the  afternoon delight or do the late night Nigiri call. You know what I'm talking about. But, you've changed...  You were once fresh, lively...bubbly even with your platter full of great tasting morsels. But, now, I feel that when I come over that you just don't put the effort you once put in before. Your clothing is a little ragged, the lighting is not as bright and well...to be honest. You're not as fresh as you used to be. Maybe you're not going to the same spa or making your payments on time... That's not the point. I can't digest. I mean I digress.   You used to be great! You were the sushi of my eye. Now when you show yourself, I walk away with that fishy flavor, it's oily and not in a good way.  You know what I mean...Don't make me go any further with this.   And to be honest... I think that you're allowing other people into your back room. Enjoying from the revolving tray. Eating A La Carte! That's it, isn't it? That's why things have grown distant between us. You're so busy when people are over, you forget about me and what's really important. That's right...I'm talking quality here. I'm talking about taking the time to do job one right. Your miso that was once so flavorful is now.... A miss oh no! Heck, you once mistook Maki for Mako.   No, I don't have to have any shame...you lost yours a long time ago. You let yourself go! And I need to go on with my life. You can keep the bar and the sake cups. I'll take the Sapporo beer, Facebook friends, and my chopsticks. They're my personal sidearm you know. And now, we'll go our separate ways.   Don't cop an attitude with me like that, put the samurai sword down. Yes, I'm seeing another, but it's not what you think...it's different. I love her. She knows how to give a handroll. You'll see other people and they will be tempted by your windows, I just know what's inside.   Oh, BTW...I faked my last foodgasm. "	1.0
876	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-08-08		So-called sushi buffet without any sashimi and with a small selection of food.  Very limited space for dining that you feel you are cabined.  Terrible experience with the waitress who did not take away the used plates in a prompt manner, which left us almost no space to eat; no water or wasabi if not asking. Extremely uncomfortable being stared at by an impolite Japanese waitress for half of the time dining as if we owed her a trillion bucks and mistreated her dog.  MOST IMPORTANT. Such 20-buck-per-person buffet is way too expensive given its food and service to offer and compared to other low-price but premium sushi buffets. Absolutely low price-performance ratio.  NOT RECOMMENDED if you want to have a genuine experience of what is worth being called a sushi buffet.  Recommended ONLY IF you want to fritter your damn good money. 	2.0
877	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-11-27		Went for lunch and got the $8.50 autumn lunch special. Comes with salad (from salad bar), miso soup, 1 generic roll, and a meat+rice combo. Very cheap but the food was also pretty bad. I wouldn't have minded paying 50% more for better quality. Roll had way too much rice, I got the grilled mackerel and it was ok (my friend got the fried chicken pieces which he said was a bad idea). Overall wasn't impressed in any sense. Wouldn't come back even at that price. 	2.0
878	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-01-01		If you've read my previous review, you know that I'm an Indian food snob.  More justified, however, is my Sushi Snobbery.  I spent 1 year of my life actually working as a sushi chef and was trained by some highly respected Japanese sushi chefs from the old world.  So I know my sushi.  Matuba is a big disappointment and with all the great sushi that is available in the DC Metro area, I can't believe that Matuba has so many good reviews.  I don't think that this restaurant merrits a long review.  The food was simply not good.  Rice was underseasoned, the nigiri had too much rice with too little fish, and the food was unadventurous.  The menu was also very limited with little real artistic appreciation for the food that was being served.  I also had a salad with the standard ginger-soy-miso dressing that is served in sushi restaurants.  The dressing was watered down so that the flavor was hard to find on my taste buds.  I will not return to this restaurant.  If you want sushi, try maki maki.  If you're going to Matuba for the all-you-can eat buffet, ask yourself this simple question: why is it so cheap for all you can eat sushi?  The answer can be found in the food. 	2.0
879	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-02-20		I love this place. They have great food but you should really go for the rotary sushi buffet. You can request your sushi combo or adjust to your sushi of liking. The buffet is not limited to only sushi. It also comes with chix teriyaki, tempura, fruits, etc. They only have the rotary buffet available on Tues - Sun.  Ok, I'll cut this review short because writing about it just made me hungry for the buffet. See you there! Oh and it's fairly priced too! 	5.0
880	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-09-01		The chirashi was a surprise and that's when I realized the people behind the bar were really Japanese. I always get emotional about that because there's quite a number that were not. The chirashi was so delightful with a good variety of sashimi, and you could tell them apart from the pickled veges that's very japanese (not the yellow daikon) especially the mushrooms. They also generally not use the pink pickled ginger but the natural ones. The cuts of sashimi were really good. 	4.0
881	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-9-8		The De-Evolution of a Japanese Restaurant.   This is a hard review to write. I really used to love this place. I loved what the food used to be. Was this the premier restaurant to go to? No, but it was like a bit of little Tokyo. I used to be bring clients from Japan, I used to bring friends...now, I just go there for nostalgia sake.   Food: What was once used to be a great Japanese menu with really exceptional sukiyaki, tasteful tempura, noodle soups (udon), and sushi that used to be great quality at great prices...now, relies on it's buffet and it's revolving sushi table.  Now for the buffet and revolving sushi/nigiri table. It is a treat to see at least once here in our area. Is it the best quality? No, not anymore. It's a matter of quantity over quality and for cheap eats...it does the job.  They have the basic bento lunches and miso soup.   Service/Staff: There was a time when the whole staff spoke Japanese, when service was as important as being Japanese, when you felt like you were at home. Once upon a time...  Pricing: It's a good deal for the price...just bear in mind...it's not quality.  Return rate: Only now for reliving old memories.   Bottom line: It does have a fad factor with the revolving sushi bar. It does have a buffet where quantity is good. Though more rice than anything else. You're in Bethesda and you need quick and easy Japanese food as buffet. This is it.	3.0
882	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-06-08		Cheap, decent sushi in Bethesda. What it lacks in ambiance in makes up for by being right across from denim bar :)   My dining partner who considers himself a sushi snob thought this place was possibly the best he's had around the DC area. I thought it was just OK.   The wait staff was attentive but the tables were super close and too crammed together and to the wall. I was practically trapped in a corner. If it weren't for the yelps I've read, I would have no clue there was a rotating sushi bar in the back. It would have been nice to have been given that option upon arriving.   Edamame was steaming hot and pretty salty ( i like that.) Nigiri was super cheap at $1 each. We got several of those (tuna, yellowtail, salmon), a california roll with real crab meat, a tuna tataki roll and a salmon avocado roll. The rolls were definitely mostly rice but the ingredients inside tasted fresh- I just wish there was more of it. All of this plus sapporo only ended up totaling $39.50- wow!  I think you can judge a sushi restaurant on its salmon- Matuba's salmon was delicate and buttery, so I was happy. 	3.0
883	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-12-09		I really like the all you can eat special here at Matuba.    For about $15, you can stuff you face with an assortment of sushi, tempura, dumplings, salads, and etc.  However, the variety isn't the greatest because the chef only makes about 5 different rolls.  I tried the California, Spicy Tuna, Salmon and I think that's it.  The rolls were pretty standard and they didn't really stand out.    The tempura was delicious because you can fill yourself up with fried carrots, broccoli, zucchini, and even a shrimp!  I was suprised to see that they offered shrimp tempura, but it was excellent.  However, they do not provide the typical tempura dipping sauce here.    I also really like the fried fishculls.  I basically love anything fried.  The dumplings were a bit dry and didn't have much flavor.  The shumai is also fried and didn't stand out either.  It doesn't bother me because if it is fried, I will eat it.    The chicken terayaki was delicious grilled as well.    The salad was fresh because I went early and they were just bringing a lot of food straight out of the kitchen.  I liked the edamame and the pieces of fruit at the end.  They have a few sad looking melons and orange slices.    I enjoyed the food because it wasn't your typical all you can eat with just rolls, rolls, and rolls.  I am glad they included tempura and edamame because I like variety.    The sushi chef was a darling.  He was really sweet and he chatted me up and I gave him a nice tip.  He would offer me rolls that I don't normally eat, but he insisted that I try.  You can also make special requests for rolls and he will do it right there.    The place charges you extra for coke and I couldn't pick my own seats because the waitresses were very adamant about where their guests should be seated.  Overall, they were lovely and I enjoyed my visit. 	4.0
884	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-01-21		We ate udon and sushi. If you want to eat authentic Japanese, this is not a place to go. Udon soup is awful. Sushi is just a quality we can eat at food court at shopping mall. Miso soup is just so so. Hot sake was bad. Very cheap sake they use. (That's because happy hour sake then!?) 	2.0
885	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-07-17		Matuba is a Bethesda institution. I hadn't been in years but when I went back a few weeks ago I remember how good and simple it was. My favorite dish is the Spicy Tuna Salad...with the ginger dressing. So yummy I could eat it every day. Perfect tuna, never fatty or tough spiced just right.   The same waitress has been there since I started going to Matuba back in 2000. The back is a bit sketchy and the bathroom not so lovely but worth enduring if you must. The sushi bar is friendly and inviting.   And this my friends, is why I can never give up Sushi. It's one of those things I can't live without. Sorry fishies...sorry I must eat you with ginger dressing. 	4.0
886	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-09-14		Holy cow. I was late for brunch at Passage to India, so I walked all over to find something else I wanted to eat. After a while, I came back to where I started, Matuba calling my name.   We walked in, sat at the sushi bar and were greeted right away by the sushi guys who were super-friendly, even though they were going to close in about 15 minutes.   The place is small, but nice enough. They have a tiny salad bar. You can choose from the sesame dressing or the low-fat dressing. Yes, I made the mistake of getting the low fat dressing. The hubs dug the sesame dressing though. I'll never make that mistake again. Anyway, the veggies were just standard slices tomatoes, cucumber, ice berg, sprouts, carrots. Nothing fancy.   We ordered shrimp tempura rolls, salmon rolls, octopus nigiri, eel nigiri, and tuna nigiri. Everything was fresh and good, and made swiftly. I especially appreciated that the octopus was nice and tender, not chewy like you get at some places.   Matuba is a decent place for sushi. It's not the best, but it'll definitely do for a quick bite wth pleasant people who thank you profusely for stopping in. 	3.0
887	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-02-06		My Sushi Tour of 2011continues with the expectations of all you can eat sushi. Much to my disappointment, there was no all you can eat sushi during the week, only on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.  Let me first gather an understanding about just about every restaurant serving Asian fare that I have been to: do I really have to sit next to people while these chairs sit unfilled? Logistically I get it, but it's not like the tables aren't exactly 8 inches apart and YCITIOTFIDNG about the conversation between the yuppies sitting next to me.  I met a friend and got my standards: Spicy Tuna (crunchy) and Spicy Salmon. Honestly, I prefer my sushi with that crunch and should start removing stars for not offering rolls that satisfy my desires. I also added a cucumber/advocado roll, a bagel roll (cream cheese and salmon, without the bread), and California rolls. Everything was tasty and as expected. Everything was fresh. Next time, though, I will have all I can eat and I will have my way! 	4.0
888	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-11-30		I go here almost every week for the business lunch and throw in the occasional all you can eat rotary bar, or some special sushi.  I really enjoy the people who work here and the food. From the sushi to the salad bar I enjoy it. 	4.0
889	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-07-11		I only go here for the buffet sushi in the back, otherwise the service up front for regular meals are HORRIBLE!  But the sushi buffet, its another world. The price is perfect and the variety is eclectic, especially for dinner. It ranges from tempura to fried california rolls to your everyday staple of tuna sushi, etc.   The chef is especially nice and always takes special requests. He knows us now because we come in so much and always makes me some tamago without me having to ask.   This place is a gem. 	5.0
890	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-04-29		Went for the lunch sushi buffet. First of all, the sushi buffet or sushi bar is so small, not many seats. Second of all, not much variety of sushi but they did have alot of side dishes which was a plus such as tempuras, chicken terriyaki, fried rice, fruits, salad, miso soup, grilled shrimp, but not many sushi varieties which was very disappointing. They didn't have inari sushi, my favorite! I've never seen a sushi buffet without it, so a first. Thirdly, was so busy that the food couldn't keep up with the people, only one chef and alot of people gulping down the food.  The taste was good though! I've definitely had fresher and better but it was good and tempura wasn't greasy which was good.  I guess for a sushi buffet the price is good but still I think it is a little expensive for the variety they serve.  It was a good experience but won't be going there again. 	3.0
891	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-01-19		I eat here monthly with my Japanese model railway group. I love the quality, but further more love their lunch special where one gets three different orders of sushi for under ten bucks.   With green tea ice cream and an extra order of sushi, I am stuffed for under twenty. the bento box lunches are also excellent. The food is middle of the road, but the prices are well in a good place for the quality. It will not break the bank.  I will note that the conveyor belt sushi bar area gets crammed pretty quick and space can be tight, not for the claustrophobic. 	5.0
892	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-12-14		I really don't get why there are so many glowing, shout-out, best of the best reviews about this place. Perhaps because of other exaggerated reviews (particularly on Yelp), it was a huge let-down when I went in the first time two days ago. Yes, the food is inexpensive compared to other sushi restaurants, but you get what you pay for. If you paid for a Hyundai, don't expect a Mercedes. Most importantly, I was surprised that the menu doesn't even offer yakisoba noodles (as udon cannot substitute for yakisoba). What? Why the discrimination against noodle folks? Even Kung Fu Panda's humble beginning was that of a noodle folk background. QED. If you must disappoint yourself against the hype, try the holiday special of 20 pieces of sushi for $15 which was a deal. However, the food is so plain and underwhelming that I don't think I'll ever go back. 	2.0
893	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-07-13		Great sushi for the price. Can't beat 12.95 for all you can eat. Very good dumplings. My favorite sushi place. Remember this is Bethesda and its considered cheap because of the price for it to be in Bethesda. Bang for your buck. Only reason why I took a star off is because they have a limited amount of items, and you sometimes have to wait for something you like. Overall, I would come back anyway of the week. I usually come once every two months. 	4.0
894	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-08-16		Not many all you can eat buffets in the area but this one does the job especially if you are hungry!  Good enough variety of sushi and also hot food.  The rotating table makes you wanna eat fast and is a cool concept.  I really like the sushi dipped in tempura!  I will be going back here a lot. 	4.0
895	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-08-17		Like the review below says, you come here for quantity, not quality. Although the quality isn't bad at all, there just wasn't much variety... sushi is never that amazing to me. And don't be fooled by their online menu, they don't actually offer all those on their conveyor belt. I read on here that you can request them, but I didn't bother. I just ate a lot of the same rolls. At least you can get somewhat full seeing as how it's all you can eat! 	3.0
896	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-06-14		Had the sushi dinner and it was disappointing, it seems that there are much better options on the menu. However the service was excellent and I would return. 	2.0
897	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-09-06		"My husband and I have been coming here for the past four years and it never disappoints. The service is always on-point, and we've never had bad fish or a bad meal. We've never done the ""conveyor"" belt that they have in the back because we prefer to order exactly what we want, and I can confidently say that their sashimi and sushi is some of the best in the area. I worked for a Japanese company for many years and spent plenty of time in Japan... this place is like stepping into a REAL Japanese restaurant (just shy of people yelling for service and mis-matched dishes). If you want a more high-end (and expensive) experience, you might try elsewhere, but if you want good non-frills sushi, sashimi, tempura, etc... this is your place! "	4.0
898	matuba-bethesda-3	2007-08-19		Matuba is solid every time I go. The staff is very sweet and accommodating, but they seem to assume everyone that comes in the door is a regular or reads all of the signs posted telling you about the buffet in the back and the daily specials.   The conveyor belt buffet is fun if there is room at the bar, but there are tables surrounding the conveyor bar where you have to reach around the customers seated to get your sushi. So if there aren't seats available, I would just go for the regular menu and try again when there is room. Besides, the actual menu has much better offerings, while the conveyor is just your basics with the novelty of getting to pluck what you want off as it glides by.  Be sure to ask what the specials of the day are, because they generally have some pretty tasty offerings that they don't go out of their way to tell you about. If they have the yellowtail cheek available, GET IT! Its hands down one of the tastiest parts of a fish that are so rarely served for eating. 	4.0
899	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-11-24		"We came here to enjoy the conveyor belt sushi dinner buffet.  While SX had never experienced this type of serving style, I thought it might be fun to try it since it was fun in Japan.  We both knew that the quality of sushi for a buffet should be okay, but it wouldn't be the best.  We entered from the front of the restaurant and couldn't see the rotating bar, so we were confused if we were even at the right place. We were asked to pay first.  The waitress was a bit confusing and awkward. Another couple had come in for regular dining and the waitress sat them after accepting our signed receipt. SX and I just looked at each other, not knowing where the heck to go eat this elusive conveyor belt sushi in this restaurant we had just paid for.   We came here on a Sunday night and business was trickling in slowly. I guess this means that the variety on the belt will be lacking. Sure, we could have asked the sushi chef to make something (which we did), but we didn't study their online buffet menu well enough to know what would be available. There was no more fruit, chicken teriyaki (which was actually probably one of the better items on the buffet; grilled with the skin on = yum; Reminds me of Yoshinoya), and salad after awhile. Waitress service here was friendly, but very missing (could not see her 95% of the time). Also, I think you could get hot tea and miso soup through the waitress service, but no one told us. This was probably the most dampening part of our experience since we were not regulars at this place, so we did not know. Also, I find it a hassle to continuously ask server/chef for things constantly, when it should be readily available.   The sushi chef was nice, but the slicing of the fish can be described as ""@_@?!?!??!"" The slices sooooo thin and oddly shaped. While the rice wasn't too super-compacted together (which was a nice change), the quality of fish wasn't very good. I've had better quality/fresher fish/generous cuts at my college's nigiri sushi plastic trays (aka: stuff that's made wayyy long ago).  Other sushi buffets (aka: Minado) I've been to have been super yummys, so I just assumed that it would be a similar experience.   Besides the chicken teriyaki, which was not bad, the salmon skin handroll was quite yummy. The salmon skin was hot and crispy, the salmon fat seeping in the rice, crispy nori... yummy.   Lunch is probably a better deal since it's probably the same menu, but a few dollars cheaper than the dinner.   Parking: On weekends, there is free public parking in the public garage on the next street parallel.  Otherwise, it's fend for yourselves on the street.   Side note: I think this place might be Thai-owned, not quite sure. "	2.0
900	matuba-bethesda-3	2013-05-23		Sushi buffet is rotary style, with minimal selection and mediocre freshness (it is a buffet, after all). Got their lunch special of sashimi and sushi, which came with miso soup. They also have this little salad buffet in a corner you can get stuff from too (complimentary). Super mediocre sashimi and sushi with once again, mediocre freshness. With so many other choices, I'd go elsewhere. 	2.0
901	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-06-22		"JUST AVERAGE  Ok. I am an avid sushi eater I eat sushi at least 2x a week. I like to try new places after I read the reviews saying how great they are. I read all these great comments about Matuba and I have to say I am not impressed. We went on Father's day and I will probably not be going back. For those of you who like the rolls as opposed to the fish you should not try this place. I am a roll eater and they offer virtually no ""specialty"" rolls. Its your basic cali roll, tuna and philly rollls. There is no excitment in eating the basics for me. But if you like the basics then you will probably be ok "	2.0
902	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-02-21		i went to Matuba's sushi buffet today.  Customer Service was adequate for being a busy buffet.    The buffet is average if you only eat three types of fish: salmon, tuna, and yellowtail (looks like yellow tail).  There were way too much cooked foods. Actually there were only three dishes of cooked food on the conveyor belt: fried dumplings, fried japanese shu mai, and teriyaki chicken.    For $14 lunch buffet, I really did expected alot better.  i think i am going back to my usual sushi buffet dives in Germantown, MD. 	2.0
903	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-05-01		Definitely worth going once for the novelty factor, but I don't think I'll be back.  For 20 bucks, the experience of the rotary buffet is totally worth it.  The chef is nice, and it's entertaining watching all the plates go by.  On the downside, the rice was warm (wtf) which really reduced my enjoyment of the meal.  Anyway, it's worth checking out, but I won't be having any more 20-dollar meals here. 	3.0
904	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-11-09		The sushi buffet... oh my goodness. I've been here multiple times for it during lunch, and for $13 you get a pretty awesome variety of sushi, salad, tempura, etc. at the rotation sushi bar. Everything is so fresh and I love the salmon - really haven't gone anywhere else with on-par sushi for that price! It's pretty popular so get there early! 	5.0
905	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-11-03		amazing  the sushi bar is an amazing deal.  20 bucks for all you can eat? unbeatable, i usually need 60 bucks to get full from sushi.  not to mention the fish is really fresh and delish  you can ask the guy for whatever you want and he will do anything from spicy tuna to eel to white tuna 	4.0
906	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-08-21		Three words - conveyor belt sushi.  I haven't been back in a year or two, but I used to go here a lot for the buffet.  For sushi lamers like me (as opposed to sushi purists), the buffet is awesome.  The chef is usually really nice and will make rolls at your request.  They also have fried shumai and dumplings.  The sliced fruit at the end of your meal is the perfect end to a gut-busting meal. 	4.0
907	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-08-23		Went here for the Monday sushi special.  It was pretty good sushi, but the nigiri was on the smallish side.  Because of this, the bill snuck up on us, $1-1.50 at a time.  Still, it was a pretty good deal and I would definitely go back. 	4.0
908	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-01-07		Went here the other day to experience the sushi conveyer belt for the first time. First bad sign is that you walk in and before you descend into the depths of the restaurant to even see the sushi conveyer belt you have to pay. I paid my 15 or so dollars after tax and went to the back of the restaurant.   We waited a while for a table to be cleared, and essentially what they don't tell you up front is that you have to hover over other people eating at the buffet until you can get a seat of your own.  The buffet was really really mediocre. I normally go to Hinode in Rockville and happen to like it a lot - great selection of rolls and hot food. Here the cali rolls were fine, the salmon nigiri was a decently thick slice over rice, but you sit there waiting for something new and exciting to spin around the corner and it never comes. They literally have about 3 types of vegetarian rolls that roll around, 3 types of raw sushi, and a few dumpling items and salads. The dumplings were always cold and it is impossible to tell which ones are fresh or not.   On the bright side the sushi chef was really friendly with us. For a far better experience I recommend the Hinode in Rockville. There is also a Bethesda Hinode but Hinode Rockville is better than Hinode Bethesda is better than Matuba. Was excited based on all the great reviews on here and it really just wasn't good.  2 stars for having nice salmon nigiri on the sushi conveyer, for bussing plates quickly and for me not getting ill. Minus 3 stars because it really isn't great. 	2.0
909	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-07-17		Only been here once, and it was awhile ago, so maybe it's improved.  But I wasn't overly impressed with the sushi here.  Better at Tako Grill.  Nice ambiance, and one day I wouldn't mind sitting down at the sushi conveyor, but I'd really rather go Tako or trek into Dupont to Uni's or just drive down the road to Yuraku. 	2.0
910	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-06-29		Amaazzzinnggg. My absolute favorite place to eat lunch in downtown bethesda. Love the salad bar. Efficient and friendly service. I've been coming here for years. Must go to matuba's now. hungry. 	5.0
911	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-09-16		I used to love this place but the quality has slipped a bit.  The portions are good but the quality of the fish does not seem to be as good.  I like tuna hand rolls and the salmon too.  The miso soup is tasty and the seaweed salad is good too.  Matuba gets extra points for the revolving sushi belt in the back of the restaurant.  The price for lunch is cheap for Bethesda but the quality is not really there.  Plus, they charge for soda refills.  I don't drink soda, but if I did I would find that distasteful. 	3.0
912	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-05-07		The good: Free tea Service Fresh food  The bad: Bland tuna Cramped tables Unclean bathroom  The ugly: Bethesda at night 	3.0
913	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-08-16		I used to love this place :( I went for lunch the other day and it was disgustingly hot, the service was bad and the rice on my sushi rolls was still warm (borderline hot), it made me gag. It takes a lot for me to loose my appetite but I couldn't finish my lunch. Sad :-( 	1.0
914	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-02-07		I've frequently dined at Matuba since I started working in Bethesda eons ago.  The sushi is good, prices aren't too bad and it's been pretty much the same since I started going.  My dishes of choice would be the Chirashi or the Salmon bento box.  Both are very filling. 	4.0
915	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-04-07		This place has a small rotating sushi bar in the back which is great, but as a vegetarian, spending $15 so that I can eat about 2 things on the conveyor belt just didn't seem worth it.   We ended up just ordering from the menu instead. I ordered the vegetarian sushi combo (avacado, asparagus, kampyo). My friend ordered the large sushi combo (tuna, whitefish, eel, salmon, yellowtail, shrimp, and california roll). Everything was fresh and well made.   Complimentary salad if you spend over $7. 	4.0
916	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-06-07		"Filthy. Awful.  This place was about as clean as a place you'd go for a nasty, greasy, burger.  i don't mind a  little ""character"" in a place, but I do expect sushi bars to be nearly sterile.  The restaurant itself looked nice, but I'm reviewing the rotating sushi bar.  We walked in when we said we wanted the rotating sushi bar, we were told, ""you pay now,"" just like the start of a bad joke. As we descended the steps into the back where the rotating sushi bar was located, we could see why they had it hidden in the back.  There were piles of dirty dishes everywhere.  We sat for a good ten minutes before the ""waitress"" came and cleared a spot for us, and even then she didn't clean the counter. I didn't expect the highest grade sushi since it was all-you-can-eat, but the pieces were beyond skimpy with giant rice balls beneath.  Supermarket sushi is better than what we were served.  When I had a few pieces and left the rice on the plate, I was told by the lady that I'm ""obviously"" not familiar with their policy of charging double for people who leave the rice on the plate.    The sushi chef was very nice though, so I'll give one star for that.  Atmosphere, food quality, cleanliness, and expediency of service all get a huge thumbs down.  I wish I did have my camera, so I could show a wide shot of the whole place instead of the artsy photos that don't give the full picture that are featured on this site. "	1.0
917	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-09-26		I love this place! Especially the rotary buffet in the back. 	5.0
918	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-01-24		I've eaten here probably 6 or 7 times, and the sushi is consistently fresh and delicious.  Tony, the main chef, is warm and kind.  I've always sat at the sushi bar.  Service is fast.  This little sleeper restaurant has the best sushi in Bethesda.  Shhhh. 	5.0
919	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-08-28		I eat at Matuba fairly regularly for lunch, and usually have the weekly special.  The variety of food included (salad, sushi, soup, and a bento box) is very satisfying, and the price is unbeatable.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  A great place to eat. 	4.0
920	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-02-19		Matuba remains a great place for Japanese. Their daily and weekly specials can't be beat. Their all you can eat is still the best (despite the limited variety).  My only peeve is the lack of etiquette of some of the patrons.  I've seen parents allowing their slimy kids touch and gawk over the conveyor belt as the food passes. WAKE UP and control your kids! What is worse are the adults who are ignorant of common table manners. This is not sushi specific etiquette - just your basic manners. I've seen adults cough in the direction of the conveyor belt and return plates to the belt after they lifted for a close examination only to decide they don't want it. Often these are the same adults whose kids are misbehaving - chips off the old blockheads... 	5.0
921	matuba-bethesda-3	2007-05-22		They have a rotary bar in the back -- it will not be the best sushi you ever had, but it is decent -- and there is something really fun about sushi on a conveyor belt......or any food for that matter. If I ever own a restaurant I would strongly consider a conveyor belt.  The bar is actually quite cramped in terms of actual eating area. Turns out that conveyor belts like buffets attract people that tend not to be the model anorexic type -- combine that with the large stacks of plates and it gets cramped quickly.  Worth a visit for the rotary bar alone........come for the fun and expect the food to be decent. For sushi alone there are better options in the greater DC area. 	3.0
922	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-6-11		This is a great place all around. It is not necessarily a spectacular on any one dimension, but a high rating on each (food, service, quality, price) is what make this a great place.  Their daily and weekly lunch specials are a great bargain and they do not skimp on the portions. The all you can eat salad bar that comes with the specials is very limited in variety (lettuce, tomato, cucumber, broccoli, carrots, bean sprouts, tofu, and choice of two dressing)  but it has all the items I want, so I think it's great.  The all you can eat sushi in the back is the gem. They don't have unlimited variety of sushi, but enough to make it well worth while. For those not familiar with all you can eat sushi rules, you cannot just eat the fish and leave the rice. That's called sashimi and that is a separate menu item. The cost of the all you can eat dinner is very reasonable.  The service is definitely good enough. They are not going to hover over you and hold your hand, but will quickly come over every once in a while or come over quickly if they see that you have a need.  I would highly recommend Matuba.	5.0
923	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-08-07		I've been coming here for years. The food is consistently good, the prices are decent, and the staff is friendly. 	4.0
924	matuba-bethesda-3	2006-01-20		This is the first place I've been to that has a conveyor belt at the sushi bar.  This belt allows for you to see the selection and pick mini portions to try out.  I highly recommend finding a place like this if you want to try as much stuff as you can.  The decor is airy and modern, and the wait staff isn't too bad.  The food there is good for the limited selection they have.  They also offer soba noodles and various appetizers - that and the good lunch prices makes this place good to try out. 	3.0
925	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-07-12		The most interesting aspect of Matuba is the rotating sushi bar in the back.  It was kinda cool, they make the sushi in front of u and place it on the belt and you can help yourself to whatever is available.  That being said, the available selection is kind of limited, or at least it was limited when I went there with some friends.  17.95 was their sushi buffet price, but for what they offer it wasn't much of a deal.  It's more for the experience.  Wine/beer selection is normal, sake they have warm and cold.  Also ambience is more cafe like.  It's definitely worth going for the ehxperience, but nothing that would bring me back there.  Oh it didn't help that I think the chinese waitress was having a bad day, i mean everyone is entitled to one...but still it wasnt' that busy so don't see what her issue was. 	3.0
926	matuba-bethesda-3	2012-03-08		I used to go to the one in Alrington, VA before I moved away. Recently I was back in Bethesda, MD for work and went looking for good food. I had forgotten that there was one of these in MD.  The one time I went solo, the food was very good and very quick.  I could eat sushi all day!  So the second time, my friend and I went to the all you can eat buffet. That was good but not great.  The selection was not as varied but it was good overall.  Cheaper? Yes the buffet was less expensive.  Over all, a good experience both times and would not hesitate to go again, next time I'm in town. 	4.0
927	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-02-15		This is a decent restaurant which serves good food for decent prices. It is not the best Japanese food around but the servers are very polite and friendly and the food is all right. My wife and I had the Shrimp and Vegetables Tempura and the Large Sushi plate on a Sunday lunch there. The tempura was very good, crispy and not oily, but well cooked inside. The sushi plate wasn't very beautifully presented and the sushi wasn't bad but wasn't excellent either (I guess I would classify it as being just ok). I drank a nice glass of plum wine which was very good and the salad bar wasn't bad either (lettuce, tomatoes, carrots, tofu and cucumbers with three options of sauce). I really liked the sesame sauce (the regular one, not the low fat). Therefore I would recommend the place for lunch or unpretentious dinner. 	3.0
928	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-10-16		The conveyor belt in the back is a weird set-up, but you get used to it.  Fair price for pretty good sushi.  Oh -- one more thing: you pay when you come in, but then there's a tip jar on the edge of the conveyor belt, so...are they getting the tip we added on when we came in initially?  I would skip the tip on the front end and put it in the tip jar just in case. 	4.0
929	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-11-21		i really want to give this place 5 stars...we came in at 9:15pm when they closed in 15 minutes. the servers were super sweet and they treated us like VIP...but the food.  eh.  we ordered the eel and avocado roll, the california roll, salmon and avocado, salmon skin, and edamame.   pretty difficult to go wrong with these orders....lets be honest here. if u have good fish, and some decent rice u can make these outstanding.   the edamame we ordered as apps came out over cooked and downright mushy, not salted enough either. the california roll had the worst fake crab meat EVER. it was literally a brick of orange meat...meh.  the other rolls are not worth mentioning. at all.  4 stars?? because customer service was OUTSTANDING. i will def be back for the service alone. and maybe mid day when the place seems a bit more busy and the fish maybe a better quality. 	4.0
930	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-08-09		Disclaimer: I went to Matuba on a Sunday night for the conveyor belt sushi buffet.  This review only applies to this specific experience.  I don't know much about their normal service and dishes.    Sushi quality:  So, as many sushi lovers in DC know, there are three types of sushi restaurants in this town: the cheap kind that will fix your craving, the moderate (often overpriced) sushi that is better quality, and the high end grade A sushi (that you'll have to fork over your wallet for).  Mutaba's sushi buffet was definitely the cheap sushi.  The fish was small and the rice was falling apart in your chopsticks.  The hand rolls did not have the proper fish/rice ratio either and the rolls were just plain.     Food quality:  The tempura was my favorite part of the dinner.  The vegetable/shrimp tempura was crisp and hot.  The shumai, dumpling, and salad wasn't bad either.  And due to the number of crowds, the turnover was pretty impressive.  Service:  The wait staff was friendly and the sushi chef (who was not authentic at all) was open to requests.  The only thing I found strange was that we had to pay for the meal before the service.    Overall, it was an okay experience.  I'll probably go again because I'm a poor college student who loves sushi, but can't afford the high quality restaurants.  But if you are a sushi snob, don't waste your time here. 	3.0
931	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-08-27		I have only been to Matuba for lunch.  I love love the special in the back w/ the sushi go-round.  The best part is you can also get temupura and chicken terriyaki with this special not just sushi.  One of my favorite places for lunch! 	3.0
932	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-09-04		"omg... I'm like a crackhead when it comes to this place.    The sushi belt is ridiculously addicting.  Every time you think..""that's it I'm full""...something else delicious comes gliding around the corner..... and you sit there glaring at everyone sitting ahead of you, hoping that no one else picks it off before it gets to you.   Each plate has about two-three pieces of sushi on it, depending on the type. They also have little salads, fruit, teriyaki chicken, and tempura plates that go down the belt as well. (writing this review is making me hungry!)   The price for lunch is around $13 and that includes all you can eat at the sushi conveyor belt, water or green tea.  If you are a party of 4 or more, they will add a two dollar tip to your individual bill.  The wait staff is really nice and are really quick about removing the little plates.  totally recommend this place...great food, good price.  i recommend getting there early (they open at 11:30 i think) because this place fills up fast! "	4.0
933	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-12-14		"BUFFET REVIEW ONLY:  Let's be honest: All anyone asks for when going out to dine is quality food and great service. Matuba's gives you just that.  The FOOD: Soft, Warm, and Just the Right Amount for rice for each piece of sushi. The salmon is always fresh and melts like buttah! Eel has a nice smoke to it and is never fishy. Its great when just out the oven. The salad dressing for thier salad is awesome. Great nutty flavor and the lettuce is always crisp. Chicken Teriyaki is perfectly cooked so its not dry. Again its best when hot out the kitchen. Edamame is a good choice for the ""You need to take a break cause you stuffed your face when you sat down because everything was so good but you dont wanna stop eating"" moment. Spicy Tuna is deliously seasoned and comes in hand roll. Crispy salmon skin hand rolls are as good as they sound. Miso soup is also on the menu but doesn't ride the merry go round so just ask the sushi chef and he will happily get it for you or ask the waitress when she gets your drinks.   THE SERVICE: Youre always greeting by the sushi chef when you walk in. He will every now and then check on you to see how things are going and if there is anything you would like made for you. He will even remember items that you like and make them for you without asking if you come often enough. His english is not great but his heart is good and he'll make sure you leave satisfied. The waitress is sweet too and always smiling.   OVERALL: Great quality sushi and great customer service "	5.0
934	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-11-10		My review will be a little bitter, sorry.   They put lemon in una-don (eel donburi). That never happens in Japan and a sign of not knowing what real una-don is. Eel's skin was too chewy. There was no 'sanshou' too.  It seems miso soup had no 'dashi'. tasteless.  I had a few pieces of sushi. But sushi's 'shari' (rice) was crumbling and i'm not sure if there was enough sushi-su. The fish itself was average. 	2.0
935	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-09-03		I was trying to go to Faryab (an Afghani place I found on Yelp) for lunch with a friend today.  Unfortunately, Faryab is only open for dinner, so instead we headed for Matuba across the street.  Now, we had both been here once before for the lunch buffet and did not think it was good.  But we decided to give it another chance and try a regular non-buffet meal.  That was a mistake.  We should have found something else.  Not only was the fish subpar, but each roll was loaded with rice.  And not just regular rice, but warm rice.  Really warm.  Like they had not let it sit at all!  Who wants warm sushi?!?  With me, you only get two strikes, so that means that we're done with Matuba. 	2.0
936	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-03-21		**4.5 stars, not four!** Sushi... tempura... green tea ice cream... how much better does it get? Not much, with the fresh, flavorful ingredients used by Matuba in virtually everything its sushi chefs make.  I've been coming to Matuba since I was a little girl, and have loved it since then, too. Last night, my husband, my father and I decided to satiate our Japanese cravings and shared another delicious meal here. We were seated quickly, and our waitress was gracious, as always. We ordered the seafood and vegetable tempura and edamame for appetizers. My only (slight) complaint of the evening was that the seafood and vegetable tempura only included 3 pieces of seafood: one shrimp (so good I wanted 10 more), one whitefish (also good), and one squid (a little rubbery). Edamame is almost universally good, because it's difficult to screw up; however, Matuba, like most Japanese restaurants in my experience, uses a heavy hand with the salt.  I ordered 2 sushi rolls for my main course: one California roll with real crab, and one eel and avocado roll. My verdict: two of the best sushi rolls I've had in years. The crab was fresh, the eel was sweet, and the meal left me full and happy. My husband and father both ordered the sushi / sashimi combo and left two empty plates behind. Ordinarily, I would order green tea ice cream for dessert, but we were too full and too content to push our luck.  The only reason for the 4.5 stars is the ambiance; I'm not a fan of the bright lights, cheap tables, etc. It's not exactly upscale dining. Then again, Matuba is one of the only restaurants in Bethesda that has looked the same for 20 years, and I do find some comfort in that kind of consistency! 	4.0
937	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-08-07		I can only speak for what goes on at the back of the restaurant - the rotary buffet - that I've frequented many times for lunch.  I only eat a few things off of there.  The salmon, the salmon skin, the fruit, the edamame, and the occasional california roll.  (The teriyaki chicken is good too, but that's not what I'm there for).  Those are just my preferences and I approach the buffet purely to gorge myself in the shortest amount of time possible, before the brain tells the body it's full.    That being said, I've noticed that there is prime real estate and then there's the slums when it comes to the seating around the rotary bar.  Prime real estate -- or Park Place/Boardwalk -- would be the front right corner table that seats four.  If you go there, you'll know what I'm talking about.  If you sit here, you and the rest of your table have the first dibs to whatever the sushi chef prepares and everyone downstream from you is at your eating mercy.  This is particularly important when you arrive at the restaurant on days when there are some heavy eaters around the bar.  It's easy to spot them because they're usually obese or they're a Korean family.  (Hey I'm Korean so i can say that).  In either case, none are going anywhere soon, and if you're downstream from them, you're often not going to get what you want.  This reminds me of the Nature show I saw of the smaller grizzlies who ate downstream from the larger grizzlies.    Anyway...  The sushi chef is nice.  If you go there enough he remembers you and he does take requests.  Make sure you tip him.    The salmon is a pretty good sliver of fish for a buffet, but it's hit or miss.  Not sure which days are best.  My friends seem to like the tuna.  I'm just not a fan of tuna.  One thing I like to do is see how many empty plates I can stack up before the waitress buses them away.  Again, the better your seating, the easier this will be to do. 	3.0
938	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-04-19		Matuba wins points for its variety and good taste. The menu has plenty of non-sushi options, in case you go out with diners who aren't sushi lovers. I went with a friend who swears by this restaurant and goes frequently, so I had to check it out for myself. Even more impressive than the sushi was the seaweed salad. This isn't your normal green seaweed salad. Not only was there the standard dark-green stuff, but also purple and light green fuzzy seaweed. To top it all off, it was presented artfully with peanut sauce drizzles. As for the sushi, I ordered nigiri rolls with a variety of fresh fish. Mm mmm. My only criticism would be that the service was very slow, perhaps due to the fact that it was very busy on a Sunday evening. We weren't the only ones who liked this restaurant! 	4.0
939	matuba-bethesda-3	2008-06-13		I dont mind the food but I hate the service.  They do a lunch buffet for about $15 so it is quite a good deal for sushi - that is until you see what they serve.  They also tend to cram every little bit of space they have round the counter so much so that you hardly have space to move your arms to take the food off the conveyor belt!  Then there is the question of how not to whack your elbow into the face of the person next to you when you lift your chopsticks to your mouth. The stuff they have for the buffet is not great - I suppose you get what you pay for.  You get to sit and wait for the good stuff to come round but that might take a long time if you are not strategically seated - it is just sad. 	2.0
940	matuba-bethesda-3	2011-05-10		In my opinion Matuba has the best and freshest sushi in the area!  I go for the all you can eat lunch for $14.00.  It is true you can not get all types of sushi with the all you can eat buffet, but they have the most popular.  The Spicy Tuna is my favorite! 	5.0
941	matuba-bethesda-3	2007-06-28		Not that great in my opinion but the best that Bethesda has.  I've been here for lunch a few times and that's a good deal.  Many places have much better quality. 	2.0
942	matuba-bethesda-3	2007-06-03		We randomly walked into Matuba thinking it would be a good choice on a Saturday night.  Oye.  We were wrong.  The waitress never told us about the sushi bar in the back and just led us to one of the front tables.  (minus a star for Matuba).  We each had miso soup, but the waitress spilled half of my friends bowl and never gave her a second or refill.  (minus a star for Matuba).  We ordered a spicy tuna roll and an avocado eel roll.  What we got was actually a regular tuna toll.  The eel roll was decent.  (minus a star for Matuba).  We also ordered some vegetable gyoza and although the waitress swore up and down that it was vegetables, that was the most pork tasting tofu I've ever had in my life.  Hmmmmm.  By the way, this appetizer came out AFTER our whole meal was finished.  In addition to all of that hoopla, I had to get up and get my own soy sauce and our drinks got refilled 5 minutes after asking.  It was a Saturday night, but really there were only three other couples there.  The atmosphere was strange, and I almost felt like I was in a kid's playground with the colored metal fish on the wall.  I just read everyone else's reviews so I MIGHT go back to try it for the sushi bar, but really I'm doubtful. 	2.0
943	matuba-bethesda-3	2006-08-17		"I love the variety of dishes. They have shrimp and vegetable tempura, Edamame, salad, Chicken Teriyaki and remember that if you don't see your favorite sushi dish come by, you can ask the guy standing in the middle to make it for you.  Get there early 12-2 on saturdays  Conveyor Belt: <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fstatic.flickr.com%2F37%2F105007706_b42e305dda_m.jpg&amp;s=653d92e39ee54f5d97d6be5286ec66e721057be6d4027190215e6eaff3ba6456"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">static.flickr.com/37/105…</a>   <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fstatic.flickr.com%2F4%2F8903182_e84b5e0e30_m.jpg&amp;s=2ebc3f93ab3a72b46103a8e33f40fd535ba31e45e7e30fa1f9b6012d57e19b80"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">static.flickr.com/4/8903…</a>    Made a Dent: <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fstatic.flickr.com%2F7%2F9687400_8d967ccedb_m.jpg&amp;s=41887f3a80432b770904b1a6c9797acdc99613866fe535fc2dbecdcf8bbfce22"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">static.flickr.com/7/9687…</a>   <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fstatic.flickr.com%2F40%2F105006088_b5577d9079_m.jpg&amp;s=9df4b83330fc142cf87dad225925f75e74539e98709bd15c229e3d45fcc71967"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">static.flickr.com/40/105…</a> "	3.0
944	matuba-bethesda-3	2006-08-23		sushi sushi sushi..  give me a M (for the massive amounts of raw fish or fried/cooked japanese food you'll be scarffing down)... give me an A (for the awesome time you have staring at the food as it goes round and round).. give me a T (for the tip you should leave the sushi chef that rolls out sushi like 9 pieces a minute)... give me a U. (for U're so fat now that you waddle outta this place).. give me a B (for the buffet line thing that spins round and round and round and... ) give me an A (for the total amount  of 15 you pay with tip to waddle out of this place..) and what does that spell??? MATUBA.   THE FOOD:  not bad.. not bad..  granted you only get tuna and salmon,  (don't eat the yellowtail or tilapia they have on the conveyor belt at the buffet) but you also get these lil' shumai and spring rolls and friend potato thingies and fried rice sometimes.. all for the price of 11.95 during lunch..  it's decent food, and at large quantities, you can't really go wrong when it comes to a two hour lunch!   THE ATMOSPHERE:  it's a sushi place that's kinda quaint.. a lil' japanese feel even though i think the workers are korean... but hey.. who's really payin' attention?? the place is clean, the bathroom smells nice, and it's comfy.. so there's not much you can ask for when it comes to atmosphere.  oh yeah, besides the fact that if you sit around the conveyor belt, sometimes people haveta reach past you to get the food.. so sometimes, you'll here hands wizzing past your ears as the hungry hungry hippos are grabbing their share.. ( anyone remember that game... man that was a fun game).   THE SERVICE:  exceptional.. other than the fact that these poor waitresses are running around for dear life, they really do try to come around and refill tea and water the best they can.. and at the rate the plates are stackin', they do a pretty good job, clearing your table too.. the sushi chef works a mile a minute and he's pretty friendly..  i'm surprised he hasn't chopped a finger off so far!   ANY NOTES?  yeah.. it's not the best sushi.. and that's because i had the tilapia one time, and i had to go to the potty for a while, so.. it's not high quality..  but for the price and the amount you get, it's a worthwhile deal. also, watch out for the hands that wizz by your ear as you eat near the conveyor belt.. you're bound to get a shumai in your lap every once in a while! 	4.0
945	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-02-09		Decent Japanese food and fairly reasonably-priced. The service was a little awkward, but the food was good and came in good-sized portions. 	4.0
946	matuba-bethesda-3	2007-02-12		I'm not a big sushi fan, but I liked the novelty of getting dishes from the conveyor belt.  I also found that despite not liking sushi, that there were a variety of things to eat, albeit deep fried.  Items I enjoyed were the tempura shrimp and veggies, fried dumplings, teriyaki chicken, edamame beans, and fresh fruit.  For about $12 it wasn't too bad, especially if you do happen to like sushi.  The chef is right there at the conveyor belt making fresh sushi.  It's a fun experience for those who've never done conveyor dining. 	3.0
947	matuba-bethesda-3	2009-09-02		Matuba is a lunch time favorite for my family, and has been for the past 8 years.  We dine there every other Saturday. Their Weekly and City Specials, which include salad bar, miso soup, and a main course with a variety of sushi, chicken or salmon, vegetables, and noodles and free green tea, are among the greatest culinary bargains in town.  The sushi is always reliable. The waitstaff greet you enthusiastically at the door, and the service is prompt and attentive. The waitresses are friendly.  For under $10 a person, you can get a filling and tasty lunch.  But, try to make room for the refreshing green tea ice cream. 	4.0
948	matuba-bethesda-3	2010-06-15		I have finally got around to writing a review on Matuba, even though i've been going there for lunch 3 days a week for 4 years now.    I'm not a huge fan of the conveyor belt because that's not really my thing to eat as much as possible at lunch and walk out feeling sick, but the regular dining area is amazing.   They have a free salad bar with lunch which is super-good, and they have amazing lunch specials every day.  You get so much food for $7-12 that  you can't eat it all.  Just a fantastic deal.  The owner is awesome, and the staff has had virtually no turnover in the 4 years I've went there, which means they must be doing something right.  I love supporting a true local business, and feeling like I'm part of the family at Matuba.   The only thing i wish they had were brown rice rolls, but supposedly they are adding that in the future, so i'm excited for that.  I would recommend Matuba highly, especially for lunch. 	5.0
949	matuba-bethesda-3	2006-10-19		great restaurant!  me and my colleagues would eat here on a regular basis but it wasn't until the day i annouced my move back to L.A. that i discovered the fabulous sushi bar in the back!  anything buffett with a conveyor belt has got my vote of approval. 	4.0
950	matuba-bethesda-3	2006-05-13		the lunch buffet on tuesday through friday is solid.  unlimited sushi for $12, all made fresh right in front of you.  don't eat the stuff that you don't see being prepared, as it might have been there for a while.  just wait for the chef to put out what he is making and you can be sure everything is fresh.  they make things quickly and are constantly bringing things out. so, you don't have to worry.  not the best sushi i have ever eaten.  but for the price, i definitely recommend it. 	4.0
951	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-08-16		This is the best sushi place that I been to since moving to DC. They are always very friendly here and have great service. The sushi is very fresh and tastes great.   I got the sushi delight that comes with 6 California rolls and then 9 rolls that are the chefs choice. Great addition if you know you like fish. It was very tasty and it kept the cost down as it comes with miso soup and salad.   They also give you a free taste of their soy bean roll, which is amazing. I would recommend getting an order because they are just that good.   Another plus is their availability of parking. The downside is that it can be a little hard to find because it is in a mall that is virtually unknown. However, once you know about it you definitely won't forget. 	5.0
952	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-11-18		I was excited to finally try this place! I drive by it so often and had been meaning to try it out. A few friends and I were craving sushi and decided to order carryout from Yirasai. I went to go pick it up. As I walked in I was immediately greeted by a man behind the sushi counter. He called someone else to come ring up my order. While the other man was coming, a lady swept by and presented me with a single sushi roll to try - their soybean roll. It was pretty delicious and a cool gesture.   The rest of the sushi rolls were good too - but honestly that single soybean roll was my favorite - so I would recommend trying that! I look forward to going back to try their dine-in scene next time. 	4.0
953	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-08-19		Great lunch deals here! Had their #4 lunch special and got miso soup, salad, 6 pieces of veggie tempura, 3 pieces of nigiri, and 3 pieces of California roll for $10.95 or something! What a steal! The tempura was great...super crisp but not oily and the dipping sauce was nice and sweet. The sushi was good but not great. Wish the rice had been a little sweeter and one of my nigiri had something hard to chew in it...but I can't argue with the $10.95.   The place got pretty packed by 1 PM and there was only one waitress so the service was a little slow but she was very competent and nice so I didn't mind. Overall, I would come back but still looking for a sushi place that will blow my mind. 	4.0
954	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-04		I kinda don't want to tell people about this place because it's our favorite sushi spot in the greater Friendship Heights area, and we already have to wait for a table during peak dining hours. It's a haven from the price tag of Sushi-Ko and the inconsistency of Meiwah. Takeout's good too, and there are common tables right outside the entrance, but the complimentary bites and friendly service are fair incentive to dine in.  Large sake is a slightly conservative pour compared to other places. Decent quality hot tea. Miso soup and house salad are basic and on the lighter side. Haven't been impressed with the gyoza and yakitori, particularly since the white meat in the latter didn't help in making them less tender than ideal. Sad that the rice served with my recent sashimi-only order wasn't seasoned. That said, the white tuna, salmon, and tuna are especially silky fresh. Knifework is clean and moderately generous, though the simpler rolls in fixed sets may be slightly conservative. We'll eventually stop being purists and try the specialty rolls, I'm sure. 	4.0
955	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-01-09		"Yirasai is now my favorite sushi place in the DC area (since Kotobuki really raised prices).  Sushi is always good and fresh.  Prices are fair.  Service is wonderful.  The best item on the menu is the ""Spicy Soybean Roll.""  It's unique and inexpensive.  Definitely try it if you are looking for something new and you like spicy mayo!  They also have more vegetarian sushi options than any other sushi restaurant I've been to in the US. "	5.0
956	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-02		I lucked into this hidden gem looking for the deli that used to be in the larger shopping center across the street. So I searched out the parking lot entrance and made my way to the second floor amidst the shops and offices. It's a small place, maybe 12 table + the sushi bar, with eclectic decoration. At the end of lunch hour, it was packed and the solo server did manage to keep smiling as she worked nonstop. You guessed it, chirashi. Hot tea, as I was not looking forward to the drive back in sketchy weather. Miso soup was medium bodied, pretty standard. The green tea was full bodied (just the way I like it) and was refilled without asking as the server multitasked. The tomago was oversweet and not caramelized, and the surimai was, well, surimai. Then things started getting better: The rice was properly seasoned and warm, the shrimp had decent texture and flavor, and the pickles (served in a small bowl along with the ginger and wasabi rather than on the rice) were crisp and tangy. The thick cuts of snapper, white tuna, salmon, and red tuna were all excellent in texture and flavor, as good as any I have had except at Sushi Capitol. I would probably have gone four and a half stars based on the food, but the check was [not a typo] $11.95 + tax, an amazing value. Definitely will return if in the neighborhood, worthy of a detour if I'm on that side of town,. 	5.0
957	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-10-07		Love the food. Such a great price for authentic and American Japanese food. Always go here and always will. 	5.0
958	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-07-23		Came here with a co-worker for lunch. We were a little creeped out at first because the shopping center seemed kind of sketchy and deserted, but the restaurant itself was nice. We both ordered the lunch bento box ($9.95) that included miso soup, salad, a California roll (6 pieces), chicken teriyaki, and tempura. The rice to filling ratio for the California rolls could be better (too much rice), but was pretty typical of other bento boxes in the area. Chicken also came with some veggies and a side of white rice. It was a fairly large portion for lunch and we were both stuffed (possibly from all of the rice..). Overall it's a solid and affordable lunch option in the Bethesda/Chevy Chase area. I've heard the special rolls are pretty good, so I'll have to come back to try them some other time! 	4.0
959	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-14		Hawaain Sunset Sushi Roll. That's all I should say, honestly. A fantastic combination of flavors.   The service here is great. They serve sashimi, nature, and sushi. They also have cooked dinners if you're not in the mood for sushi, but the cooked food is why I didn't give them 5 stars. It's good, buttress a bit of getting used to. A teeny bit pricey, but sooo worth it.  Free parking in the garage. 	4.0
960	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-03-14		Food is good but not so incredibly good that I would give it four stars. Additionally the service is a little slow since they do so much take out business the phone is always ringing. I have had better sushi but this place is cheap compared to the other places in dc. Definitely better than capital city but not as good as en bistro. About on par with kotobuki but based on a recent review there prices increased so I would probably come here knowing that. 	3.0
961	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-08-21		Best ever! Great great lunch specials! Very friendly staff. Food is always on point. Dinner box A! 	5.0
962	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-05-26		Rolls were falling apart. Chirashi had crab stick in it! Long grain rice used for both rolls and chirashi!   Went at end of day hoping for decent sushi, ordered pretty standard items and was extremely disappointed at the quality of the fish and lack of attention to the rolls.  Staff were all very friendly but I definitely won't be back. If your exposure to sushi is limited to pre-made rolls at the supermarket then this will be fine for you. Looking at reviews it seems price point is their major selling point but they definitely keep costs down with less than great ingredients. 	1.0
963	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-03-21		Our go to Sushi place in Bethesda.  Family run, great quality.  Small restaruant, nice atmosphere, reasonable prices.    My favorite is the Chef Special #6  - choice of Spicy Tuna, Yellow Tail or Salon in a Shrimp Tempura roll with salad/soup for $14, not bad.     They will also do rolls with soy paper. 	5.0
964	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-12-15		Best sketchy sushi place I've ever been to in Bethesda!   When I first got to the place, it looked really dark and very scary to be in this area even though Bethesda is a very nice and safe area. So getting to this place takes a little bit of figuring out on where the place locates because you have to go up a flight of stairs, turn right when you get up top and then walk down almost towards the end until you see their sign.   When you walk in, they're very welcoming but its in a very small and compacted space.   We were seating in a nice spot that was spacious enough for everyone. We ordered hot green tea and it was so good.   Then we order a lot of their menu items:  Appetizer: Shumai Sunomono Seaweed Salad Avacado &amp; Salmon Salad w/ Ginger Dressing   Sushi:  Sushi Delight Spider Roll West Wood Roll Special California Roll  California Yammy Roll (*Not 100% Sure)  &amp; Lastly Salmon Roe   Everything was prepared nicely and quick. The appetizer and sushi was delicious with really nice quality sushis.   I really enjoyed this place especially their food but the only problem I had was the service. Our waitress did not have a very friendly attitude and serving tables was not proper and very half-assed.   Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would definitely recommend to people no doubt.   Oh, if you're wondering about the price, it was not that bad. With all the items we order, it all came up to a bill about $88 so almost $90 for 4 people which is not bad of a price at all.   I hope this helps!   Side note: The restaurant is owned by Koreans not Japanese people but the food and feel still feels like you're at a Japanese restaurant but it is not 100% authentic Japanese restaurant. 	4.0
965	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-26		Solid sushi option in the Bethesda area. The food is nothing special, but the lunch menu is reasonably priced and the atmosphere is quaint and cozy. 	3.0
966	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-26		Delicious sushi, cute restaurant, quick service, and very friendly staff. They almost always offer me a free sample piece of sushi when I pick up take-out, just to be kind! And they always remember to ask about my baby even when she isn't with me. This is a wonderful, family-run business that is well worth supporting. 	5.0
967	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-21		Very good sushi at a reasonable price. The location isn't ideal but who cares. Would definitely recommend! 	4.0
968	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-10-26		Most bomb sushi ever!  Soybean roll is way more amazing than you would think, and of course the tempura and spicy tuna rolls are amazing. The prices are average, which is pricey lol but it's soooo worth it! 	5.0
969	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-04-05		I chose to do carryout and placed an order for 2 of the Philly Rolls.  I have to say that I was highly disappointed with the result.  I didn't think it was possible to go wrong with a philly roll, but it was the first time in my life that sushi did not meet my expectations.  I was surprised to see that one of the main ingredients was left out!  The avocado was replaced with cucumber.  Needless to say,  I have experienced better and will not be going back for more. 	2.0
970	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-03-14		Hidden gem- great little sushi spot, friendly owner's easy parking and plenty of good quality sushi at a reasonable price. 	4.0
971	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-10-7		I love this little sushi place in Bethesda.  It's a nice location away from the downtown and has a cosy atmosphere inside.  We go all the time and it's perfect for last minute since it's usually not so full.  This time, I tried their soft shell crab sushi roll.  It wasn't so good since they used too much breading and the crab was a bit lost in the overwhelming deep-fried situation.  It was still pretty good though.  I'm still giving them 4 stars since all the other times I've been, everything is always great.  I also got my usual salmon, tamago, and yellow tail nigiri which were great in addition to some plum wine which was also good.  I also often get the bento boxes which are a good deal and yummy.  Something else I love about this place is that they also bring a free sampling of their special crunchy rolls.  They are so good and I always look forward to it!	4.0
972	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-03-20		The food is pretty spectacular. Everything is fresh and quite delicious. My only qualm is that the space is a bit cozy. 	5.0
973	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-02-21		"The best !   Unique rolls like the Spicy Crazy and GREEN TREE are awesome ! Gotta try the ""Tuna Crunch"" (nigiri) you can't anywhere else.   It's HOT ! "	5.0
974	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-02-20		This place is amazing ! The owners are so friendly and they had excellent service! We ordered sashimi , shrimp gyoza, and shrimp vegetable tempura . All of it was delicious. Then we ordered the crazy spicy roll, not that spicy, the special california roll, the spicy rainbow roll (highly recommend) and then they even gave us a free sample of their spicy soybean roll , which was so good it's a must get. I will definitely be returning. This was all under $60 with tip! 	5.0
975	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-09-29		Run-of-the-mill sushi spot, with great parking. Yirasai has a selection of fun rolls with the sushi staples. Nothing was really over-the-top, but our rolls were pretty decent. The mystery sushi that was presented to us at the end of our order was interesting. It was some kind of soybean roll that kind of weirded me out, so I didn't try it.  I found the place to be decent if you want sushi without the hassle of fighting for parking. The sushi is pretty standard, which isn't a bad thing. 	3.0
976	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2015-06-05		Always great.  I measure all sushi by this place.  It's the perfect combination of price, quality and service. 	5.0
977	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-12-21		I have never given a one star review before. I have been here many times before and what happened on my last visit makes me never want to return.   I ordered a few different nigiri the other day plus a spicy tuna crunch roll (salmon, flounder, white tuna, tuna, spicy avocado crunch, and red snapper to be exact). My girlfriend ordered the Oyakodon which is the fried chicken cutlet on rice. After both my girlfriend and I finished eating a few pieces we noticed something moving in the plate. It was a tiny thin pink/white worm a few cm long. We completely lost all appetite.   I spit out the nigiri that was in my mouth and took the dish straight to the chef. He picked up the worm stretched it out and started only speaking in Korean. Luckily the waitress was there and they insisted it was a blood vessel from the flounder. I said blood vessels don't just hop off a fish and move around on a plate. I walk back to the table with the plate to examine it more. The waitress came to the table and said they won't charge me for the flounder. I replied I won't eat anything on this plate and asked for the check. We were only charged for the Oyakodon.  I frantically checked online for what this worm could be, it was a parasite which I believe is the anisakis worm. This parasite causes several gastro-intestinal issues. It has been a few days since the incident and so far I think I am okay.  I have never in all my sushi eating adventures found a worm on or near my sushi. I recently came back from living in Japan for a few years and ate sushi at least one a week. This was by far my WORST experience with sushi ever.  Please be careful at every sushi restaurant you visit. 	1.0
978	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-09-22		Three stars for the food, but four stars for the price!  I've been driving past this restaurant for a year before I finally decided to stop and go in. The inside looks a lot nicer than the outside, and the staff were welcoming when we arrived. We got the basic sushi and sashimi for two and the meal started off with a salad and soup. The sushi rice was underseasoned, and the fish was of average quality. Also for a two-person set it would have been smart to make sushi and sashimi pieces in multiples of twos. The set ended off with ice cream with flavors like green tea and azuki. Along the way two mysterious pieces of sushi were placed on the table with not much explanation. We realized they were complimentary when we saw every other table get it too. Definitely a nice touch, and throughout the meal service was excellent.  Overall the food was only average, but for the price, I will definitely consider coming back often! 	3.0
979	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-01-29		Not much seating but the sushi here is hard to beat. It's worth waiting for a seat at this place! 	4.0
980	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-12-17		I was surprised by this place. I went with friends and we got tons:  - House salad with ginger dressing.  Always a staple for me. I could drink the dressing. Literally. Nothing to set this salad apart from the pack but it hit the spot  -spicy tuna salad - I know it's a salad, but I found myself eating around the lettuce. The fish quality was just so good. Little morsels of delight. It made me wish I had ordered sashimi  -seaweed salad. Yup. Yummy. nice crunch, good little kick to the flavor. I regret not eating more of it but I was saving myself for the sushi  -edamame - meh. fine. I prefer it with sea salt personally  -super spicy crunchy roll. a bit of a letdown. it had crab, avocado, shrimp tempura in the roll and covered with spicy tuna.  The tempura was cold which I don't like, it wasn't really all that spicy and the flavors didn't go well together.  -keywest roll - extremely fresh tasting thanks to the cucumber and lack of rice.   -godzilla roll- eel sauce over powers any other flavor this would have, but it's still good.   Though I wasn't wowed by the specialty rolls I really want to go back and order plain sushi to take advantage of the fish quality. 	3.0
981	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-11-08		Best Sushi in the area. I've tired many other sushi places but this one is still my favorite place to go to get sushi! I love their pink lady, dragon roll, spicy tuna crunch, and dancing eel! Nice quiet environment and great prices! 	5.0
982	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-12-13		I have loved this establishment for over ten years.  The fish is always fresh and the service is impeccable.  Key West roll is the best thing I have ever tasted in my life!  The sushi chefs never forget a name and face.  I moved away from DC in 2007 and came back in 2012 and they asked me where I had been!  Five years and they still remember both me and my sister and our regular order. 	5.0
983	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-05-10		After the disastrous sushi meal yesterday [at Rolls N Rice in Rockville] my hubby and I decided to grab some lunch near our home. We left stuffed and satisfied.  The Meal:  The salad was good, similar to others with a ginger dressing and my husband enjoyed the miso soup.  The lunch box specials were really filling and delicious. The tempura was perfectly crisp and done well with the vegetables inside cooked perfectly. Also I have to give extra kudos when I get broccoli with my tempura as its a favorite of mine! They also have a special tempura dipping sauce that we both enjoyed. The Chicken Teryiaki was more flavorful than the beef, so I recommend going with chicken.  Overall? 25$ out the door, two great filling meals. Everything tasted great and fresh an the owners could not be any sweeter. We will be back, and often! Just not often enough to then have to visit the weight watchers next door ;)  I uploaded lots of pics of the meal an pictures of the lunch menu since I didn't see one online when I was looking for one before our meal. 	5.0
984	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-11-29		This small joint serves up great sushi. All of their rolls had all of the right flavors. Ordered the Japanese bagel roll which has cucumber in it, but they cut the cucumber into thin strips instead of a block like some other lazier places. The texture makes all the difference. Also ordered spicy tuna, dragon roll, shrimp tempura, salmon avocado, bulgogi roll and more. Everything was better than most other sushi places. The bulgogi roll is something new the place is trying out, but it didn't have a lot of flavor. It would have been better as just bulgogi without the roll part.   The portions are quite generous and the prices are great for good sushi. Totally worth going back to. Be prepared to waitor make a reservation for larger parties. The place is hard to find and the outside is really nondescript. I couldn't even see the name of the restaurant outside; it just says sushi teriyaki. 	5.0
985	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-01-04		The best sushi I've had in DC. A neighborhood favorite. I come here weekly. Get the super spicy crazy roll or the green tree roll. 	4.0
986	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-07-25		I love this place.  It's true that you might be able to get equal or better sushi elsewhere, but the fact is that the sushi here is very good, the service is usually stellar, the space (while it can quickly crowded) is cozy without being overly cramped - they make good use of the footprint they have.  We also love just calling an order in and picking up - take-out sushi in front of the TV is a treat night for the fam!    Love their spicy sauce (on anything), the hamachi and spicy tuna crunch, the teriyaki (anything), the soya bean roll (brilliant!), and the California Yammy Roll.  Every once in a while we try something new, but we are so in love with our favorites that almost each time we end up ordering the same thing.  The edamame is always done just right - and used to be one of the ways we'd get our kids to have some veggies.  ;)  Being sushi, compared to other dining establishments or take-out it can be a tad bit pricey BUT compared to other Japanese restaurants, combined with the quality, Yirisai is a great deal.  Add on everything else and this is a can't-miss. 	5.0
987	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-07-24		3.5 stars: Excellent service and cutesy ambiance that exudes the same coziness as a sushi bar in Cali. It's tucked away in a not-so-cute strip mall, but once you enter you will be transported away from the ugly mannequins and mid-mall patio furniture. While the food was all prepared quickly with the right flavor profiles, the actual fish itself was not of good quality.  We were provided personal plates and drinks immediately, and were able to munch on our salads and miso soups (which comes with any dinner entree). The miso soup was fine but we only had 2 pieces of tofu :(, and the salad's dressing was very red tomato-y rather than orange ginger-y. The bowl had a lot of the dressing water soaking at the bottom. Weird.  They sent out 4 free pieces of spicy tuna roll, which was quite tasty and kind of them--it was, actually, spicy, which most places fail to do. It was sprinkled with some crispy flakes on top. What a tasty gesture!  -Seaweed salad was standard, but is different from most restaurants in that they put a handful of shredded radish as well. -Yakisoba chicken (a stirfried ramen) was pretty darn good as a shared side! The consistency was nice and Q, and the chicken was super tender. I can see there being too much of an overpowering cinnamon taste if you only ate this alone though. -Udon soups - regular is very good and you can sprinkle in some spicy Japanese flakes. The noodles again, were very nice to the bite with good broth. The tempura version has less dimension to it, as it is sans seaweed/spicy flakes...but both did not disappoint. -$56 chef's boat - includes some sahimi (tuna, butterfish, salmon), nigiri, and 2 special rolls. Special rolls were tasty. Mackerel was very dry and overdone...had the texture of swallowing fur. Eel was good. The other raw fishes were all dark and sad in color, showing that it wasn't very fresh. The salmon slice I had still had an itty bit of skin left, making the swallow feel awkward. Good value, but not fresh.   Overall, their service is very quick and I appreciated the waitress stopping by to check on us. The extra roll was very nice of them, and free watermelon with the check was also a nice touch. I would be back solely because the poppy Japanese arcade music, cute cartoon signs and lighting brings me back to Japan... but if you're a sashimi lover, your palette will probably will not be as gleeful as I am to the ambiance. 	3.0
988	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-12-02		AMAZING SUSHI! I love this place for a multitude of reasons.... 1. great fresh fish... every time 2. wonderful prices (3.5 bucks for a cucumber roll (my standard in judging a places $) 3. great service whether carryout or dine in 4. amazing sushi  can't wait to return! 	5.0
989	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-09-21		Is there a picture of me on their wall from when I was maybe 11 or 12? Yes. Did I pass out Yiriasai flyers in exchange for spicy tuna rolls when I was 13? Maybe, spicy tuna roll addiction isn't a funny thing.   I've seen this place go through at least 3 different owners/chefs over the years but I think they must all be from the same family because the menu and the quality of the food has never changed.  This is not the best sushi I have ever had in my life, but it is pretty damn good.   The quality of the fish is excellent and the nigiri reflects that.   Their spicy sauce might be the best I have ever had, so any roll that they put that on is pretty hard to beat. The Greentree specialty roll is a smorgasbord of flavor and deliciousness. Far from something you would get in Japan, but delicious nonetheless.  The chef's always have a genuine smile on their faces, a hello when you arrive and a bye when you walk out the door.  Try the lunch special, upgraded to spicy tuna. For about $12 including tip you get the best spicy tuna roll, chicken or beef teriyaki, some tempura vegetables, an awesome side salad and a miso soup to start. You most likely wont be able to finish it all.  This place is a neighborhood gem. 	5.0
990	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-06-21		Great sushi! I especially love the spicy tuna roll special (not on the menu!) it's delicious! The only downside is they don't deliver- otherwise, it's one of the best quick sushi places I've had! 	5.0
991	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-08-26		I frankly don't understand the reviews.  It was fine, convenient, and affordable.  But you can get much better sushi at several other places in downtown Bethesda.  More like 2.5 stars.  It was fairly crowded, and the service was slowish.  There seems to be a big takeout business.    Nice cold beer was a big plus. 	2.0
992	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-08-02		This is some of the best sushi I have ever had.  We went their to celebrate a 30th birthday.  The place is so cute, and the service was wonderful.  I left  our waiter a huge tip because of the wonderful service we received.  They even gave us a free roll and ice-cream to celebrate!  I am going back- for sure.  FRESH fish, good service, and nice dinner combos.  A little hard to find the entrance, as it seems the sun beats down on the windows...they have painted the entrance, so be sure to look for the camouflage door. 	5.0
993	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-05-31		Really great service and food! My favorite dish is the Tempura Udon, which always tastes excellent, and is promptly prepared. This is definitely a culinary treasure near Westbard and decently priced too! 	5.0
994	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-06-19		I love this place! The staff is so friendly and if you order carry out and it's running a little behind schedule, they give you a couple of the spicy, crunchy rolls to snack on while you wait. I've never had a roll here that I didn't like, but my favorites are the Dragon Roll, Godzilla roll, Spider Roll, Pink Lady Roll, and Baltimore Roll.  It may not be the flashiest or fanciest place, but at least you can find parking and you will have some excellent sushi for a good price. JUST GO HERE! 	5.0
995	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-04-04		Every time I come here, I am reminded of how good of an idea it was.  Their spicy tuna sauce is killer, and and I'm still obsessed with their seaweed salad.  Maki Maki used to be my favorite because they deliver and have brown rice, but they are slowly taking second to Yirasai. 	5.0
996	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2014-01-22		decent hole in the wall place that's in a weird shopping center building. food is so-so, sushi is so-so, but the price isn't too bad so i guess it balances out. 	3.0
997	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-05-28		"My first five star review.  Love this place. Owners have been working at this place since I was a little girl (and they're still there wow).  Friendly staff, as a regular customer, they know my order before I open my mouth to speak.   I love their spicy (insert sushi here) because their sauce is heaven. Always fresh sushi, never stale (unlike supermarket sushi)  Hands down the BEST sushi place in bethesda and I will NEVER go anywhere else as long as I'm in Bethesda.   Everything sushi related is great, not so much the chicken teriyaki. Which brings me to question, why on earth would someone choose to go to  a sushi restaurant and order chicken teriyaki. (I've only done it once so I could review it lol) Could you be anymore of an obnoxious typical ""sushi hating"" American? You come here for SUSHI - not cooked chicken. Come ON.   ADDICTED CUSTOMER FOR LIFE "	5.0
998	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-04-16		Let me just start by saying that any place that gives you a few free rolls of sushi is amazing. Do I need to continue? Probably not, but I will :)  This past time that I went with my boyfriend, we needed a quick place to eat...somewhere where we could go, get our grub on, and peace out in ish 30 minutes. Mission accomplished.   We both ordered chicken teriyaki bento boxes, mine with california rolls and his with spicy crunchy tuna rolls. The boxes included chicken, rice, sushi, veggie tempura, miso, and salad. It was plentiful and delicious! The teriyaki was not too salty and the sushi was perfectly textured and addictive!   I was sad to see my plate empty when, all of the sudden, as if they had read my mind, a small plate with two sushi rolls came to us. This is typical of Yirasai, with the sushi master (as I like to call him) sending free sushi to the tables. This always makes me smile!  Friendly waitstaff, delicious food, Yirasai is always a hit with me! 	4.0
999	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-04-19		Badly located in a dead/unpopular mall in the middle of nowhere.  But parking is super easy.  Small.  Good prices.  Good sushi.  Good service.  Jovial service.  Okay view.  Limited alcohol selection. 	3.0
1000	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-08-02		This is a winner! Everything is right on the money: friendly attentive service, great sushi and nice neighborhood-y atmosphere, reasonable prices and good variety (they even had Uni which they NEVER have!) a winner I tell ya! I even like that it's small (8 tables small) because it reinfores all that.... I hesitated to write this as I just found my new sushi place within 500 yards of my place! Mine all mine! 	5.0
1001	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-01-06		Fresh fish and friendly service. I normally don't like ginger dressing or traditional Japanese soup but both were very good! 	5.0
1002	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-03-18		This was the worst sushi i've ever put in my mouth. At this very moment my stomach is still churning. I ordered the sushi deluxe which comes with a tuna roll and 8 pieces of sushi. I substituted the tuna roll for the unagi roll for a dollar more, of which I am very glad that I did because raw fish are not there strengths.The unagi roll was actually pretty good but was half the size of rolls at most places. Don't get me started with the sushi because it went from bad to worst with each undelictible bite.   Signed, Green in the face 	1.0
1003	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-01-12		I never would have found this place if it weren't for yelp. Completely inauspicious, this sushi joint is a hidden delight.  I sat at the sushi bar and had a good time conversing with the chefs. They were very fast and had an authentic asian american staff. That is to say they really keep you moving.  I also got the pleasure of a series of free samples the chef kept sending my way. All the food was excellent. The key to good sushi is, in my opinion, the rice and this place really had it nice and moist. Dry sushi is very any fun.  I recommend the eel and the spicy rainbow roll 	4.0
1004	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-10-17		"Pretty solid place.  What keeps me coming back here, more than anything, is that they seem to have better than average quality fish.  I consistently enjoy the nigiri here more than some other places I've been to in the area.  But it's not ""knock-your-socks-off"" so I haven't sprung for sashimi yet.  They also have a large variety of interesting rolls, but I've also found, pretty consistently, that they're not put together particularly well.  They tend to be loose and fall apart easily.  But, with quality ingredients that's forgivable.  It's a small place with limited staff, so sometimes service is somewhat slow, although it's always been friendly in my experience.   All said, I would recommend it. "	4.0
1005	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2008-07-28		"Pros:  Sushi cannot be beat Cons:  Cooked food could be better  This place is in a shopping plaza off of River Road, which is kind of off the beaten path, but it's worth the drive or the 15 minute walk from Friendship Heights metro.  Don't let the gas stations and strip mall-like quality put you off -- this is the real deal!   The first time, we ordered sushi a la carte, and got four nigiri and four rolls (including two giant specialty rolls) and edamame and tea for about $50.  Even though we spent about the same at Sushi-Ko, this felt like a much better deal, and was much more welcoming and delicious.  They also gave us some free stuff, which is always nice.    The nigiri (yellowtail, white tuna, salmon, and eel) had really good, high quality fish.  All were buttery, tender, and had that special sheen that says, ""I'm fresh, eat me!""  The rolls all turned out to be very similar (my bad!) -- we got a rainbow roll (CA roll with avocado, salmon, and tuna layered on the outside), a Florida roll (CA roll with tuna instead of crab), and an Alaska roll (CA roll with salmon instead of crab).  The ratio of fish to rice definitely favored the fish -- so even though the FL and AK rolls were about $6 for 6 pieces, they felt like a good deal.    We also got an extra spicy roll (I forget what it's called, but it's the only house special roll that says ""extra spicy"" in the description), which was very good, but a palate killer.  After eating that one, I couldn't really taste anything else for a while.  The second time I went, I got the chicken teriyaki bowl, which was mmmm, ok, but not as good as I would have liked.  The chicken was bland, and there was a lot of teriyaki sauce in the bowl, which made me think that the sauce had been poured over stir-fried chicken after it had been cooked.  Also, they forgot the miso and salad that's supposed to come with it.  Admittedly, this was on a very busy Friday night, so I didn't hold it against them.  I guess I would say that the cooked food at Temari in Rockville is better and more creative than the cooked food here.    Service is quick, but a little harried when they're full.  There are max 2 waitresses for the place. "	5.0
1006	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-07-18		Yirasai is walking distance to my apartment in Bethesda and I have never had an experience less than satisfying.  I say this, because I may be overly fond since I have never had a sushi neighbor prior to my current home.  The location is admittedly, terrible, if Yirasai's hope is to draw new customers.  It sits in a shopping plaza across from a neighborhood. Anyone not looking to find the next hidden meal or not living in the neighborhood would most likely never know it exists.  That said, without exception, a smile and hello from every member of their staff has greeted each time I have entered. The chefs and servers truly want to make your experience a pleasure.  Yirasai offers all the staples of sushi you expect to find with a nice group of specialty rolls.  The sushi chefs are swift in their work, while also taking a great deal of pride in the product they produce.   The fish is very fresh and the masago carries the perfect level of heat.  Each meal concludes with a complimentary fish roll (1 piece) topped with masago (my favorite) and tempura flake.  It is a nice bite, but really worth noting because it addresses their desire to serve their customers.  If in the Bethesda area, it is definitely worth stopping in for a few rolls. 	4.0
1007	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-03-04		This place has been a neighborhood favorite of mine and my family for a while now. Everything is pretty good here. Lunch box special is terrific bang for your buck. Hand rolls and spicy tuna are my favorite. The gyoza is great as well. I have never been disappointed. Check it out. 	4.0
1008	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-02-01		"Am I the only one who can never figure out how to get into this restaurant? The parking and entrance situation -- incredibly confusing. But once you're inside, it's great! The staff is very friendly, the sushi is fresh and good, and they ALWAYS bring you a few pieces to try for free. I've had a crunchy/spicy/mayo-y crab thing (I don't know if they put it on the menu or not) that was delicious, and they usually bring you a couple of pieces of ""dessert"" sushi at the end too.  Neighborhood gem. Love iit. "	4.0
1009	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-03-02		Yirasai is one of the most underrated sushi places in Bethesda.   Nigiri is always fresh, specialty rolls are always yummy and interesting and the owners are always very friendly. Edamame could use some work but overall everything is always very good and reasonably priced.  One of the hidden gems for your Crunchy-Spicy Tuna lovers is the Cruchy Spicy Tuna Nigiri...Delish! 	4.0
1010	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-11-02		My coworkers and I go here often for lunch. We usually get take out and love their bento boxes. It includes rice, salad, Miso  soup, California Rolls, and then you can also have beef or chicken teriyaki all for under $10.  In the Bethesda area that is a steal!  I love their Miso soup and California rolls.  Unfortunately, I have only been there for lunch but would like to try it for dinner too! 	4.0
1011	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-01-06		"When our friends invited us out to a downtown Bethesda sushi joint which Yelp judged as expensive, crowded and ultimately mediocre, I went in search for other nearby sushi joints and came up with this place -- a strip mall second floor hole-in-the-wall, yes, but somehow intriguing nonetheless. We presented our counteroffer in the interest of saving money, and it was a date.  But we did more than just save money at Yirasai. We came expecting a simple, solid sushi experience and ended up blown away by the sheer tastiness of all of our food! Our foursome's selection (mostly maki with a few ebi nigiri thrown in) was simply perfect: exquisitely fresh ingredients, well-balanced construction and delicious to the last bite. I made a tool out of myself by saying ""wow!"" about ten times during the meal, and here I am a few hours later still waxing poetic about the food. Yeah.  Side dishes (we had miso soup, seaweed salad and edamame) were very good but nothing too out of the ordinary. Acting on the wisdom of other yelpers, we did not venture into the hot dishes. I know good advice when I see it.  Service was friendly and attentive. Our sushi did not come quickly, but was more than worth the wait. Notably we were given complimentary ""chef's special"" rolls -- always a pleasure when that happens, plus they were delicious.  Our friends loved Yirasai as much as we did, and we all vowed to come back, both together and separately. If you are after fantastic sushi at great value in a quiet, unpretentious setting, I can not over-recommend this place. Go! "	5.0
1012	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-1-19		If you are a lover of seaweed salad, like myself, then you should definitely try Yirasai sushi. Upon gazing the menu, one will also realize that Yirasai has an extensive list of uncommon rolls, such as the Spicy Crazy Roll and the Trio Amigo Roll, which all consist of an amazing combination of ingredients. They also have several other teriyaki options on the menu for those who do not like sushi. Really happy I found this place and it is certainly worth trying!	4.0
1013	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-05-21		Good but not great sushi. Pleasant staff. Gluten free folks be careful. My avocado salad came with tempura crunches although that had not been on the menu description. The waitress got me a new salad without fuss. Very good dressing. 	3.0
1014	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-09-23		Humph. That meal tasted no better than mall sushi. Nothing I like better than chewy tuna fat. Yum yum like tuna gum! This area has a wealth of very good fresh sushi bars. This is not one of them. You like very very cold fish. I know you do. Guess who ain't misbehaving' here again? That's right. Me, or my friends. 	1.0
1015	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-08-28		Fantastic sushi!  I've never had a bad roll here.  I do not, however, recommend anything else.  I've had their noodles and my brother had their teriyaki beef and they were both sub-par.   I recommend eating at the sushi bar - the chefs are super friendly!   As far as rolls go, here are some of my favorites:  The Rainbow Roll: deliciously fresh yellow tail, flounder, salmon, tuna and avocado wrap around a perfect california roll.    The Spring Roll: mixed greens, imitation crab and avocado, wrapped in rice paper and topped with fish roe and the most amazingly delicious spicy sauce (I have a feeling it is Sriracha mixed with mayonnaise) ever!  You get about 15 pieces out of this large roll.  The Key West Roll: I forget what kind of fish is in this roll (I want to say salmon and yellow tail maybe?), but it is wrapped in cucumber and topped with fish roe and a wasabi sauce.  Very crisp and refreshing.  The Honey California Roll: a california roll topped with avocado and drizzled with a light honey sauce.  Very tasty!  The Spicy Tuna Roll: a regular tuna roll with tempura pepper flakes and topped with their spicy sauce.  The Spicy Tuna Crunch Sashimi: Wow.  Spicy tuna, on a bed of rice, tempura battered, fried, topped with spicy mayo.  If you're lucky, the chefs will throw one of these (or the Spicy Crab Crunch) in for free.  If you want sushi in Bethesda - this is your place.  The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desired (kind of looks like a cafeteria and is located in a mini-mall), but the food more than makes up for it! 	4.0
1016	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-08-31		Cute little place with delicious food! For a sushi fanatic like me, I would say that this place ranks up there! 	5.0
1017	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-01-09		I've been coming to Yirasai since it opened in 2002, and even though I don't live in Bethesda anymore I still make sure to eat there regularly.  Most will agree that there is just something about this place that sets it apart from all of the other sushi joints that have opened in the past decade (and there are a lot of them).  It's a small intimate setting where the sushi chefs go out of their way to say hi and try to remember your order.  At the end of every meal they will usually make you a complimentary roll of something unusual that you've prob never heard of, but tastes amazing regardless.  For those who want to save money and not buy the special rolls, which usually lean on the more expensive side, they have lunch-box and dinner-box specials.  With these specials you pay a set price and you get a box that all together includes your choice of sushi, tempura, salad, teriyaki, and rice, though most seem content with special rolls.  The Philly Rolls, Green Tree Rolls, and anything with a spicy crunch will certainly make you a regular.  Enjoy. 	5.0
1018	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-07-19		The best sushi I have had in the DMV, possibly anywhere.  Wonderful intimate atmosphere, fresh ingredients, artful and friendly chefs, great service, even complimentary rolls at the end of the meal.   A true gem. Order: it's amazing. I don't even know where to begin, so I won't. Just try it! 	5.0
1019	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-07-26		"All the reviews that say this place is awesome are right. My boyfriend and I went solely based on Yelp, because we are always on the lookout for delicious, cheap sushi. Yirasai was that and more!  It reminded me of my other favorite cheap, awesome sushi place, Kotobuki, but without the ""stair wait"". The place is tiny so it's possible if you go at ""rush hour"", you may have to wait.  We went for lunch and ordered a 9-piece sashimi lunch ($10.95) which came with 3 pieces each of tuna, salmon and white tuna (which were all to-die-for fresh and buttery!), two orders of white tuna nigiri ($3.95 per order) and a special Hawaiian roll ($10). We also got a crispy spicy salmon nigiri compliments of the sushi chef (we sat at the bar). All the fish was fresh, high quality and delicious! We left $32 poorer, including tip, and a new favorite sushi place richer.  We will be back many times! "	5.0
1020	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2013-07-29		We get takeout here all the time.  It's good.  It's very low key in the restaurant -- family-friendly and casual.  I far prefer the sushi to the cooked food. 	3.0
1021	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-02-06		Sushi for people who don't want to go to a real Japanese sushi restaurant. 	3.0
1022	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-04-14		The udon was plentiful, but the broth and the vegetables were really disappointing. They use squash and carrots....and give you two pieces of shrimp tempura. It would've been nice to have some green onions at least. For 10.95...I was expecting a little bit more.  I had their uni- it wasn't the best uni I've had, but it was cheap. I didn't taste their salmon roll which my bf had, but it didn't look well made.   I would give this place another shot and just get their sushi this time though. 	2.0
1023	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-04-07		"5 stars? Come on guys....  Yes, this place is tasty, but it's not 5 star tasty.  Let's start with the good... the service is extremely friendly and the space is small (but not too small) and cozy.  The sushi selection is on par with the rest of the offerings in the DC area (you know, toro and uni are as ""crazy"" as it gets).  The sushi they do have is quite good, particularly the yellowtail.  I found the toro to be a bit tough and not marbleized uniformly throughout.  The uni was pretty good, sourced from Maine, but I tend to find uni from cali to be better.  I'm not sure if this place is actually better than Raku but at the very least it's something different.  The lunch and dinner sushi combinations are pretty well priced too.  But don't kid yourself, this isnt 5 star worthy. "	3.0
1024	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-05-30		We went just for sushi, as people recommended, and were not disappointed. We ordered 7 items which came to be $48 before tip, not too bad. I would recommend to ask them to be easy on the spicy sauce..   The avocado salad was nice, nice sauce and crunch from the tempura flakes, but not to die for.  We order the following rolls: The Spring Roll: not my cup of tea, too much spicy sauce, but it was interesting to try.  The Key West Roll: wrapped in cucumber. Very nice.  The Spicy Tuna Roll: The best roll of the meal.  The Spicy Tuna Crunch Sashimi: Must have, it was great!  The Hawaiian pineapple Roll: very interesting. You need to like pineapple to like this roll, not a regular sushi. Big roll, 8 pieces ($10)  I would definitely come back!   Take a look at the photos I uploaded- the smaller plate is what we had, the larger was my friends (can't remember what they ordered, but they said it was tasty) 	4.0
1025	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-01-06		This place is an absolute MUST if you're into good sushi. A small hole in the wall with an absolute bombshell taste, I don't find much pleasure eating sushi anywhere else anymore. Everything off the a la carte menu is great, and really take a look at the page on the right. That's the page that has all the chef special rolls, and man, they are good. The only roll I say you have to try at least once though: Green Tree Roll. Amazing. Crunchy crab and eel on the inside, delicious avocado on the outside. Spicy chili &amp; sweet unagi sauce on top. Seriously amazing. I wish I could better articulate just how great this place is, but I'm having trouble. I will say this though, I'm actually about to go there right now because just writing about them is giving me cravings. 	5.0
1026	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2008-07-14		Out of all of the fine dining restaurants in DC and millions of food establishments, this is one place that I will come back to over and over again! It's in a kind of ghetto little shopping center, but the food and service here is incredible! The employees all recognize my friends and me everytime we come in here and they always give us special sushi for free with every meal! I'm not a huge fan of sushi but I always cheat and get the vegetarian combo or at lunch will get the bento box (which is AWESOME by the way). Everything here is awesome except the udon noodle soup. Don't get that. All in all, just about one of my favorite places in DC! (Okay, Bethesda). Check it out! You won't regret it! The miso soup and salad are awesome, too! :) 	5.0
1027	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-06-12		Thank you, yelp!  I've eaten sushi around Westwood in LA and some upper-scale SF ones, and the sushi here easily ranks in the top three.  I highly recommend their signature Yirasai roll - eel, tempura, and cucumber generously topped with avocado and masago. Delicious.  The service is lightning fast - my friend and I hardly had time to chat after ordering before the chef skillfully completed our order. The staff is very friendly and accommodating and even presented us with FREE sushi the chef was experimenting with that day (delicious tempura in a tasty yellow seaweed wrapping). When we asked for the check, we received free watermelon for dessert.  The fish was quite fresh as well, even the less popular types like red snapper were amazing.  The actual restaurant is located in an abandoned mall and is carefully decorated, but somewhat small. 	5.0
1028	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-08-20		This is my go-to sushi place.   If I had unlimited funds I'd go as often as I have a sushi craving. Far better than the other sushi places in Bethesda (Tako, Matuba, Maki Maki). The location kinda sucks since it's in a creepy old almost-abandoned 80s mall, but I guess it keeps it from getting too crowded and keeps it a better-kept secret.   The portions are perfect, always beautifully plated, and everything is fresh and OH so good. Some favorites: The Pink Lady roll (sweet steamed shrimp), Japanese bagel roll, BAKED SCALLOP ROLL (SOOO GOOD), Key West (wrapped with cucumber), the Dragon roll, and the sashimi (my boyfriend recommends the platter).  Also, friendly service and really cozy, neat atmosphere. Feels really authentic.  Only complaint is the price. It can get up there since I like to try a lot of different types of sushi (about $50~ for two people). 	5.0
1029	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-10-23		Cozy atmosphere and delicious sushi. Would certainly go again! 	4.0
1030	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-06-10		We came here looking for variety from other sushi places in the area. My parents had sushi, my grandmother had udon, and I had chicken. The food was ok, but I certainly wont be hurrying back - there are plenty of better sushi places in Bethesda when I want my Japanese fix. 	3.0
1031	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2011-06-02		Not fresh enough raw fish. Hinata is nearby and superior in quality and price. Friendly atmosphere is a plus, and the location isn't bad. If you go here get spicy rolls, preferably without raw fish (and never order the sashimi like I did)! 	2.0
1032	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-03-30		I love this place! The food is SO GOOD and CHEAP! 	4.0
1033	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-10-08		This is a great little secret that is located in the midst of this random shopping center right off RIver Road (across from Giant). VERY friendly sushimen (Mr. Kim is the older of the crew and is the friendliest of them all) and delicious rolls.  My favorite is the California Yammy Roll (more elaborate Cali roll with tempura flakes) and their Spicy Tuna Crunch 2 piece is great too.  The sushi chefs will almost always send you a complimentary piece or two to introduce you to yet another new roll that you'll surely love.  Great neighborhood joint type of feel. Very simple and modest but a guaranteed good meal 	4.0
1034	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-08-09		I've been searching for good sushi joints in DC and the surrounding area and this is one of the best reasonably priced places I've been too. I ordered the spicy scallop, spicy salmon, and the super spicy roll and the first two were awesome, while the second one was kind of strange, but not bad. The servers were extremely friendly and they brought us out 2 free pieces of sushi. I am definitely going to visit here again. 	4.0
1035	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-05-28		Would give this place a 3.5 if the man would let me.   One of the best sushi places I've been to in Bethesda. That being said, it is also one of approximately 4 sushi places in Bethesda proper. But hey, big fish, small pond and all that.   Good sushi, mediocre hot food, and a friendly waitstaff who judges you only semi-harshly when your friend drops half of his food on the floor and then makes you ask the waitress for a fork. Prices range from $4.95 to $6.95 for a roll of sushi, and the hot food runs in the low-to-mid teens. Stick to the sushi, and you're set!  Ample parking and usually ample seating in the (small-ish) restaurant. Just try not to go around the time the WeightWatchers meeting lets out next door. So much weight-related processing! Made eating my 4 rolls of sushi and washing it down with a Coke (not diet!) slightly uncomfortable.   In short, if you live nearby or don't mind taking a bus or two (it's on the Ride-On T2 and 23 lines), head on over to Yirasai for some good sushi. Just try your best not to get a sushi craving early on a Sunday 'cause they open at 4. Learn from my mistakessssss. 	3.0
1036	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-12-28		"Someone said this isn't a five-star restaurant. I understand what they mean-- this isn't a top notch, high-end sushi dining experience. It doesn't pretend to be.   But it earns five-stars if what you care about is the quality to value ratio. This is the best, freshest, most generous sushi offering for those interested in a neighborhood, casual dining, affordable type sushi restaurant. I am one of those folks, and I've been searching the DC sushi scene endlessly (note my extremely disappointed review of Kotobuki).  I've been here twice for dinner now. Both times, we've received the complimentary sushi, as others have noted. This goes a long way in my book in making customers feel welcome and giving the place an intimate familiarity. The rolls range from the simple to the clever-- some involving honey, pineapple or other interesting twists. But nothing is over the top. The rice is properly cooked and seasoned, unlike the mush I've had at ""other"" (see Kotobuki reference above!) places. The portions are generous. The fish is fresh. What more can I say!  As for the high-end sushi dining experience. I've been to Sushi Ko-- and must say I prefer Yirasai. "	5.0
1037	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2009-03-22		It is a very small place (hard to find), maybe 7 tables, a very nice family  restaurant.   From their simplest sushi (cucumber) to the sushi-specials are amazing. Specially when you have the owner cooking. It is a place that I don't get tired to come over and over. However the cooked food (fried) are not that great. But if you are a big sushi fan, this is the best place to go. 	5.0
1038	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-05-04		Cheap. Tasty. Kid-friendly. Miso was so-so but everything else was great. We had maki for the kids and bento boxes for us. Great value and quality. 	4.0
1039	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2006-09-05		Offering both Nigiri and Maki (roll) sushi, this is one of the best sushi restaurants around. It looks like nothing special from the outside: it is in a stripmall, a small one at that, next to a Dominos pizza, and the doors and windows almost always have a white curtain over it so you can't see inside.  Once inside though, the interior is nicely decorated, with wood panneling, a reasonable table seating area, and a nice sushi bar.  The service here is top-notch. Attentive, friendly, and quick to fix something if you have any issues. The two sushi chefs are equally friendly, and are willing to make reasonable accomodations if you have special requests.  The sushi is excellent here (as you might expect I'd say, given my 5-star rating of it), and so is the other japanese cuisine they offer, such as chicken teriyaki, hibachi chicken rice bowls, various tempuras such as vegetable or shrimp, miso soup, etc.  If you are in this neck of the woods, whether you're driving by or going to Strike Bethesda down the block, Yirasai is worth a stop. 	5.0
1040	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2012-02-29		I love this place. The sushi is great, and the staff is very friendly. The restaurant is small but cozy. 	5.0
1041	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2008-10-22		How have I not found this place before?!?  Well, probably because it's not located in an area of Bethesda I would normally associate with restaurants and it's part of a shopping complex.  Granted that Bethesda is not great for sushi, but this place blows the others away.  Large pieces of obviously fresh fish.  Everything tasted great, the prices were on par with most of the place in Bethesda, and the service was quick and attentive.  I'm looking forward to my next meal at Yirasai! 	5.0
1042	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2008-09-07		Pretty solid sushi and udon.  Food came out fast and service was friendly. 	4.0
1043	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2008-02-29		I like this place. It is in a weird location - strange little shopping mall - but it is near the upstairs pedestrian entrance on Ridgefield and has a nice big window overlooking the street right outside.      The food is good - especially the REALLY yummy little special they call the Crab Crunch.  I go there specifically for this treat, as well as the rest of the menu. They may bring you a Crab Crunch for free with your meal.  If not - you must try it!   Service is very friendly. It is a quiet, small restaurant.  Clean but not glamorous. Totally decent but not for a first date because of the location and Pergo floors! 	4.0
1044	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2007-11-27		Just went there today and had a great lunch. Moved back to East Coast from San Francisco expecting terrible sushi everywhere I went in DC. But this place seems alright.   I ordered the lunch special-spicy tuna, shrimp tempura comes with miso and salad.   The salad was not good- either the lettuce was off or the dressing was done wrong. The sushi was great though! Good and fast service as well. 	3.0
1045	yirasai-sushi-and-cafe-bethesda	2010-03-26		This is a great neighborhood sushi spot.  The food is terrific, the service is very friendly, and you can't beat the prices.  The lunch boxes make this an amazing bargain.  9 times out of 10 when we come we'll get a delicious free sushi tidbit from the chef -- something we would not necessarily have ordered but absolutely love.  Give this place a try (but save us a table!). 	4.0
1046	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-11-29		Unbelievable selection of Japanese goods considering just how tiny this market is. Didn't expect to see every item in stock but you can get a majority of food and snacks here. Considering how rare Asian markets -- let alone Japanese stores -- are in the DC area, this is definitely one of best small markets. 	5.0
1047	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-10-23		I stopped by for the first time today for lunch... With all the positive reviews I was expecting something great.. Sadly, I was disappointed. The store was easy to find, and parking was very easy. The lady at the register was very friendly. However, I was disappointed that they only had very simple rolls- I enjoy some variety and would have liked to see some other specials. I ordered two spicy tuna rolls  and two shrimp tempura rolls- cost just over $20. I waited about 10 minutes, and it was ready. When I opened the box to eat it - I was not that impressed. The tuna rolls were very small and lacked a good amount of fish. The shrimp tempura rolls had what appeared to be just Cooked shrimp- not a tempura batter at all. The tuna rolls were not spicy- it was hard to taste the fish- the nori was the standout flavor. The shrimp tempura rolls were a litter larger- the had rice, shrimp, and some lettuce/green. Did not have the crunch you expect with a tempura, and the shrimp was pretty bland.   Overall, if I ever needed Japanese groceries this would be the place to go- the selection was huge! Sadly, though, I will not be coming back here for sushi. The flavor was just not there. 	3.0
1048	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-10-17		Varied and authentic market complemented by pithy sushi menu with fresh and decadent fish. 	5.0
1049	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-05-30		I came here on a Saturday afternoon with my mom because we had been craving chirashi.   In short, hinata's deluxe chirashi is indeed expensive (~$23) but definitely worth the money. The fish were fresh and rice was seasoned perfectly. If you are looking for a quality, authentic bowl of chirashi, this is the place to come. Don't expect fancy atmosphere or extraordinary service, but in turn your belly and taste buds will be amazingly satisfied. 	4.0
1050	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-09-06		I like the store and the sushi and like that they have ume-shiso rolls and willing to add shiso leaves to my other rolls. 	4.0
1051	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-06-05		"Such a quaint little spot for quality sushi! Coming from Hawaii, no sushi is quite the same but this place definitely hits the spot. Some options can be more pricey than others, and as many have said, it is not your typical ""American"" portion of sushi. I do have to say though, it's always fun to roam the aisles as they make your meal...you always tend to leave with one or two extra things than you originally walked in for. "	4.0
1052	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-08-04		I love this place. Fresh, delicious, inexpensive sushi made to order - what more could you ask for? The staff are also super nice and accommodating.  Only issue is that you often have to wait a while (~15 min) for the sushi, but it's worth it.  Can't really speak to the grocery area of the market, but it looks like they have quite a selection. Definitely come for the sushi - one of the healthiest, best lunch deals in the downtown Bethesda area. 	5.0
1053	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-06-28		We went for a Sunday bike ride today starting in Georgetown up the CCT to Bethesda. Didn't know Matsuba is closed on Sunday for lunch, so looked up sushi in the area on Google Map, and found Hinata. I had no idea this store was here. It's more of a small Japanese grocery store than a sushi bar, but the sushi was made to order and very fresh tasting, beautifully presented and reasonably priced. It was a perfect lunch break for our bike ride, and if we didn't come by bike, I would have probably spent a bundle on all the great Japanese foodstuffs they have here, from unusual imported items like mattcha KitKat bars to fresh Japanese veggies from Suzuki Farm. And the people were so friendly. A great find! 	5.0
1054	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-04-27		For sushi on the east coast, this is pretty damn good. I am a bit of a sushi snob as I have ate the best sushi in LA countless times, so I am always let down when I eat sushi in the DMV area. This place stacks up well for any sushi spot as the fish is very fresh and the rice is prepared very well. I will be back for sure. 	4.0
1055	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-07-26		3.5-4 stars.  Small little store on St. Elmo. There's a Mont. co. public parking lot next to the shop &amp; street parking... and it's close enough to the metro (walk/circulator).   The front of the store is the grocery store and the back is the sushi bar.   Staff - the staff are super friendly and nice. Very very helpful and explained their menu to me after the look of my utterly confused face.   Sushi - The sushi is TINY! I was confused where the food went after I ate it because I did not feel it in my stomach. But if you get their combos (if you're facing the register, look to your left and you'll see a poster of all the combos... pick something off that menu), it's cheaper. You can substitute any roll in the combo for a different one, as long as it's of something that's priced the same. They also have a special of the day that changes (I believe ~$9.00). Despite being small, their sushi was delicious, ingredients pretty fresh. :)   Grocery store - I'm so happy that I can now stock up on my Asian groceries even if I'm too lazy to go all the way out to Rockville. That being said, there isn't a large selection of fresh veggies and such. I did grab some green onions that were wilted a bit. They have a little frozen food selection. Most of the seasonings and ingredients that you need can be found here with a pretty good selection of Ramen also. If you're looking for Japanese face products (Shiseido's face/hair care), you can get them here!   Overally, I'm a fan of this little shop! The only thing is that it's a little pricier than if I were to go to my usual Asian grocery shop in Rockville... but it's a trade-off I'm willing to take for the convenient location. 	4.0
1056	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-11-08		The take-out sushi here is amazing.  It's better than any of the other sushi places in Bethesda that we've tried, AND it's better priced!  Really great quality of food.  Just don't go expecting a ton of ambiance, it's not there.  You can't beat the price and quality.  There's also a ton of fun Japanese grocery items, even though the store itself is quite tiny. 	5.0
1057	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-08-17		Shhhh, don't tell anyone. This is the best sushi in Bethesda.  Reasonably priced for the quality they deliver. Friendly enough, and cozy.  But seriously, don't go here. I like nobody in line in front of me, and being able to grab one of two outside tables. Go somewhere else. You're not welcome here. 	5.0
1058	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-03-05		Friendly and quick service. I am giving it three stars because while the rolls (priced from $3.75-4.50 or so) were relatively inexpensive, they were small and didn't have much fish.   I do agree with others that the place is on the small side with the sushi bar in the back of the store. There are Japanese items such as condiments, candies, sauces, and noodles. The fruits and vegetables were located in the back and not labeled with prices.   The sushi did taste delicious and they obviously know how to make sushi. The rolls were nice and tightly wrapped but I really wish they were bigger and had more fish. 	3.0
1059	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-03-31		This was the best sushi I've had in the area, hands down. It was well-priced, hand made in front of me and the people were super nice. It's our new favorite place. 	5.0
1060	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-03-21		Not sure what all the fuss is about on the Sushi.........not that great, not that cheap..... 	3.0
1061	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-03-08		"Took a walk with my coworker on a day that it wasn't freezing for once.  This is about 3 blocks away from office at Metro 2, which is on top of the Metro station.  Walking in, at first you think, ok, nice quant little store that sells authentic Japanese food products, but then you get to the back where we saw I assume the owner/proprietor taking her time explaining the different times of sushi to a clueless older woman.  It gave me time to see a lot of the stuff that they sell, all Japanese...authentic Japanese.....  Go for the daily special on the board in front of the register....  The quality was good, portions were decent....however, not the cheapest in town, as you might assume with it being a small place with only 3 tables inside....  The prices of the groceries were a tab bit on the expensive side, but for the convenience (if I lived in the downtown Bethesda neighborhood), it can't be beat...!  Remember:  This is a ""carryout"" place, so if you're looking for a nice sit-down, go somewhere else! "	4.0
1062	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2015-05-20		Great little Japanese grocery store that also serve sushi.  The rolls are simple cheap fresh and delicious.  Tako wasabi is one of the best in the DMV. 	5.0
1063	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-01-05		I came here for a late lunch today and was really happy with what I got. It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall little market, but they have a lot of interesting Japanese groceries and pastries packed into the small space. They also sell fresh fish by the pound to make sushi at home. They have three small tables inside and two outside, so don't count on being able to eat in. Even though I was there at an off-hour, there was a steady stream of people coming in throughout the time I was eating.   They have a wide variety of fish, including some specialty ones, like toro, at a really reasonable price. I got the miso soup, a california roll with imitation crab (I'm allergic to shellfish, otherwise I'd have gone for the real crab, which they do offer), an eel and avocado roll, and a few pieces of tamago. The miso soup was excellent and was a generous portion. The fish was all really fresh and the rice was well-cooked. Each roll was around $4. The tamago was really good, as well. I will definitely be back! 	4.0
1064	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-11-02		I was looking for non-GMO natto (fermented soybeans that have lots of vitamin K2) and instant miso soup -- and as soon as the Japanese woman behind the counter saw me puzzling over labels I couldn't read, she came over to offer assistance. With her help, I found both items I was searching for and more! Before I left I also sat down to a seaweed salad that I spotted in the refrigerated section. What a great place for quality Japanese ingredients! I plan to go back whenever I can! 	5.0
1065	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-08-03		This is my new go to for delicious and affordable sushi in Bethesda. The sushi is on par with places like Kotobuki and Sushi Taro, only it's in Bethesda. Good selection of fish and a bunch of Japanese goods to peruse while you wait. There isn't much seating, which is fine. The tables can accommodate 2 people and there's only a few. Takeout might be the way to go if you are going to be feeding more than 2 people. I can't wait to go back. 	5.0
1066	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-11-11		Sushi is great, service attitude by the sushi chef can stand improvement. Read the menu carefully and don't ask for anything other than what is there exactly- you will hit a brick wall. Parts of the menu were confusing and the chef was unaccommodating when a mistake was made. 	2.0
1067	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-12-13		This place was just okay. I stopped by for lunch and picked up the special plus some mango calpico. I think the special that day included an asparagus roll, a shrimp roll, plus 5 pieces of sushi. It was just okay and didn't feel like a great deal or anything. I thought that the piece of salmon I ate tasted somewhat fishy, meaning that it wasn't very fresh.  I did enjoy walking around the rest of the store cramped store, as it looked they managed to cram a ton of stuff into such a small space, but I noticed that a lot of the items were overpriced. It's a nice place to go to satisfy a craving or to buy rare ingredients for Asian cooking, but I'd be hesitant to shop here too much. 	3.0
1068	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-06-14		I love that this place is so close to my office! I've been a few times just to browse and pick up a new treat to try. I tried going for sushi a few months ago, it was just a regular weekday a bit after 1pm and they were shutting down the sushi making station so I missed out. But yesterday I went for lunch and snagged a seat at the bar. I got a tempura shrimp lettuce roll, cucumber roll, and sparkling cider for $11. The rolls are tiny but I was full for hours afterward so I consider that a great deal, especially for this area. I will definitely be returning! 	4.0
1069	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-11-07		Super cheap and good too. So good. 	5.0
1070	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-01-13		I've had sushi here twice and it is just okay.  It's reasonably priced but nothing special.  The people working the sushi counter are super nice and actually Japanese.  They spoke Japanese to me (I am half japanese but can't speak a word! so I looked at them dumbly).     The reason to go is for the Japanese groceries.  The store is small but packed with all the essentials.  I get my sushi rice here, soy sauce, ginger etc.  They also have a small selection of Japanese produce (eggplant, mushrooms etc) that they get from a farmer in PA which is pretty cool. 	4.0
1071	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-12-07		While I was on a business trip two weeks ago in Bethesda, I walked up and down both new &amp; old restaurant row looking for something to eat... I was disappointed.  I was hoping after being away for 5-6 years, there would have been something new &amp; refreshing... innovative...  There wasn't.  So I came back to my old favorite and it was exactly the same... the fish was of the same high quality, the preparation deliberate, the owners and staff genuine and engaged as always...   This is my favorite sushi joint in Bethesda.    If you're looking for trendy and cool, go somewhere else.  If you're looking for large pieces to stuff yourself, so somewhere else.  But if you're looking for authentic, consistent, and quality sushi then you've come to the right place.  And of course it doesn't hurt the price is fair either.  This is the one of two-three places in Bethesda I sorely miss.  Absolutely 5 stars. 	5.0
1072	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-10-24		"Ok having been to some of the ""better"" sushi restaurants in the area I'm upgrading this place to a 5.  The dude has been doing this for A LONG TIME and knows how to cut fish, flavor his rice and create very good sushi, sashimi and nigiri.  Yeah the place is small, the seating is limited and there can be a wait, but honestly this is the best thing going in the Bethesda area (and i would bet this side of the river) for sushi, hands down.  I actually don't want more people coming here as it's such a small place but had to upgrade to a deserving score. "	5.0
1073	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-12-11		The bomb if you are lucky to get here during their semi ridiculous opening hours. The best sushi in the DC area. Ultra authentic. Ultra fresh. Also a great place to stock up on sushi making materials and dishes including raw fish by the pound. They sell out of everything during the day so go here for lunch sooner rather than later. The fermented carrot roll is insane. Everything though is boss. And not expensive for the quality. 	5.0
1074	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-12-30		An overdue review, but I dined here on 10-03-08. This place is a really small grocery store with a sushi counter in the back. When I came in, I maneuvered my way through a narrow aisle, talked to the sweet Japanese proprietress, placed my order and paid. Then I went back to the front of the store, where there are about 3 tables with about a foot's worth of distance between them. When my order was ready, a server brought the plate of sushi over to me. The store is handicapped accessible, but be warned: the aisles are jammed packed full of stuff. It is more of a place to pick up and go than browse and shop.  If you are looking for a light snack, by all means, dine at this mom 'n pop joint. If you are hungry, I recommend you find another place to eat! While the sushi is fresh, the portions are ridiculously small. We're talking about sushi rolls that are about the diameter of a half-dollar coin, or maybe smaller. This may be great if you are one of those people who actually eats the correct portion size and not the typical American supersized meal. I fall in between. I got 6 unagi/eel rolls ($3.75), two tamago/egg maki ($2.00/each), two tuna maki ($2.75/each) and a bottle of Japanese iced green tea ($1.85). With tax the meal totalled $16.01.  After I ate my meal, I was still famished, so I went to ANOTHER Japanese restaurant, where I paid about the same price for a bento box lunch that had a greater quantity of food. Thus, my hunger was satiated but left me $35 poorer for the day. 	2.0
1075	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-12-22		I dropped by this place because the restaurant needed some mochi ice cream. I've been here a few times before and even ordered sushi even though I work in a Japanese restaurant. The sushi here is pretty good and really fairly priced.   This place sells fresh fish by the pounds, it is pricely, but its been fileted deboned and is prepared for you to cut slices and eat it raw.   The freezer is a mess, this is what my freezer looks like except without the price tags. I had to dig through a bunch of stuff to get to the strawberry mochi ice cream. They have sesame balls that I really wanted to try, but I didn't want to spend the $6 today. I'm on budget spending this week and also on a low carb diet this week no splurging for desserts.    It's definitely easy to find parking at this spot because its right next to the garage. The store is very small and everything is stacked. This is definitely a mom&amp;pop store and it shows. There is so much asian candy, goodies, food, snacks, drinks that I will definitely be back to spend a little money.   This place is a little bit pricey so definitely be prepared to spend some money if you come here. 	3.0
1076	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-01-02		Excellent sushi! Sushi is freshness and quality is consistent, friendly staff. I would definitely recommend it. 	5.0
1077	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-06-10		The sushi is fresh and simple. It's a little Japanese grocery store in Bethesda so there is not much to expect as far as ambiance. This is the best sushi I've had in the DC area! 	5.0
1078	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-03-17		I never knew about this place until a friend took me there today.  Even if I walked by this store a hundred times, I wouldn't have known it served great sushi.  This is primarily a humble Japanese grocery store tucked away in the not-so-commercial area of Bethesda.  It's across the street from Old Georgetown Grill and surrounded by other small shop.  Now if you happen to find this place, go inside and make your way to the back right of the store.  There is a small sushi bar with four stools.  That's where the magic happens.   Grab the menu and get to it!    I ordered the deluxe sushi option and it was fantastic.  The prices are very reasonable, especially given the area.  If you want frills and frou-frou decor, there are plenty of other options in the area.  But if you want straight-up hard-core authentic sushi and sashimi,  this is your place.  And as a added bonus, everyone there is super friendly. 	5.0
1079	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-09-20		Whenever I stop here for a quick sushi lunch, the owner and staff are always very friendly and exceptionally polite. They make you feel special with their genuinely friendly greeting. Yes, it is a grocery store with only a 3 stool lunch counter, and a few tables, but for a quick bite, it is adequate.  I usually order the daily special which costs about $9.00 and is just fine - well made - as sushi should be.  I would recommend this place to anyone who needs a quick sushi fix.  On occasion, I have ordered a take out party platter which was really nice.  P.S. they have a huge selection of Japanese groceries and people come from far and wide to shop here. 	5.0
1080	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-10-18		I've lived &amp; worked in the Pacific &amp; this is the best sushi I've had in the DC area.  Well-priced, fresh, and very sweet staff.  Highly recommend. 	5.0
1081	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-03-28		When someone told me there was a Japanese grocery store I immediately thought of the one where Ren's Ramen used to be, and that store was closed so it couldn't be true! But Hinata sat there inconspicuously at St Elmo Ave. We were looking for a few items to make some dashi broth - though a small store it carried items like Japanese rice, snacks, soy sauce, mirin, cooking sake and all kinds of kamaboko including narutomaki. We were happy to find lotus roots, micro sprouts and shiso leaves as well. We also bought some fresh uni from the sushi counter. The sushi counter was the most popular of course people were coming in to order sushi. We decided to try their sushi special - the nigiris were very tasty made with soft rice and very fresh fish. I would definitely go back for the sushi and grocery shopping! 	4.0
1082	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-01-22		eh the sushi here isn't that great, but they do have imported kit kats which are awesome! plus for the grocery stuff, minus for the sushi. 	3.0
1083	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-12-29		"Perhaps this is not the best sushi ""experience"" available, but possibly the best value for price around. This is especially true when ordering the daily lunch special. For less than 9 dollars you will get 3 pieces of Nigiri and 10 or so pieces of assorted roll.   There are only 3 small tables in the store, the majority of the room is filled with grocers shelves well stocked with a variety of Japanese packaged food and snacks. The design suggest carry out, as does the moniker on the menu. Lunch with a friend is doable, but don't bring a group.   The sushi is very fresh and flavorful. The quality would sit comfortably in a more expensive, fine dining establishment. However, if you prefer to consume the goods which you have exchanged your money for, instead of sitting on, around, or near them, this is the place for you. "	4.0
1084	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-08-24		Read the great reviews and brought the kids here for dinner. Was not disappointed. The place is basically a Japanese grocery store with a small  sushi counter/kitchen in the rear and a few small tables in the front and outside. The kids love sushi and when we first got here, they were concerned that it would be no good. Well, when the food came out, everything was great. The best part was all the extras, such as Japanese sodas, coke, sea weed, mochi ice cream and Japanese candy were all at grocery store prices rather than restaurant prices.  The staff was very friendly and patient with our long order (there were 6 of us).  We were there at six and stayed till 7:30 (they close at 7 pm).  While waiting for our food, we even did a like shopping and got our favorite instant noodles.  Highly recommended 	5.0
1085	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2014-05-04		"Hinata is one of our favorite places to get food in Bethesda, and it's probably our favorite sushi place in the DC area. The sushi at Nobu or Matsuhisa or similar places is considerably more expensive, but really not much better than Hinata's. The fish is consistently fresh and delicious. I love browsing the grocery store aisles while waiting for our order and enjoying the names of the products - ""Naive"" shampoo, ""Moistage"" lotion, ""Pocari Sweat"" drink... (Hinata seems to have gotten more popular in the past couple of years so there's often a wait, but I don't mind). The woman who takes your order at the counter is super-friendly. You can call your order in ahead if you don't want to wait. "	5.0
1086	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-8-29		I was pretty excited when I found out this place was down the street.  I've been here a few times and the lunch special is great.  For $9 you get: three pieces of nigiri (usually tuna, salmon + whatever is in season, e.g. rockfish, white tuna, etc) one avocado roll, one tuna roll and one lettuce roll.  The sushi is actually on the small side, as is the nigiri, but the quality of the fish and the rice are on par.  I usually add a couple of pieces of creamy, briny  uni (i'm a uni whore, what can i say).  Very happy to have this place within walking distance.	4.0
1087	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-08-18		Japanese Grocery and Sushi...what will they think of next?  There's something wonderful about little hole in walls that exude simple charm and longing for simpler times...Yup, this is in Bethesda and i love this place.  Literally, a mom and pop shop where they carry standard Japanese groceries and staple items that no Jap can live without in their fridge and pantry. Can you say...Nato. Apart from curry (which they have as well...S&amp;B) it's the national dish in northern Japan. Southern Japanese...not so fond of it. Fermented soy beans. Nuff said.   So, apart from all the great sobas, curries, nato, and rice crackers. There is a small bar serving excellent sushi/sashimi. Who knew? Well, it's a grocery store first that offers some of the freshest sashimi grade fish around. Do drop in for this treat here.   If you're ever having a sushi party...and you're scared of Giant, Safeway or Harris Teeter...come here and order/pick up your fish.  Bottom line: It's my Mom's Kitchen, but I still have to pay for it. 	4.0
1088	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-06-05		The sushi here is very good, and very fresh. Do not trust their online menu for prices however, as they have increased and generally the rolls are around 4.25 each. While that is not a very large price increase, I was alittle annoyed that the menu on their website was not accurate to their prices in store. Be Aware, one roll here is about 1/2-3/4 the size of a roll else where. The portions are very small and I feel like no matter how much I eat, I always leave hungry. Regardless, the rolls are each very cheap, and amazing, very authentic and delicious. This is more of a lunch place as they close early (around 7 I believe?) so if you want to do dinner call your food in early.   I have never bought japanese grocceries here aside from some deserts (their red bean cakes and rice balls are VERY good), but they do have a large selection. 	4.0
1089	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-12-31		What a pleasant surprise! I had visited Hinata several times in the past but never eaten there until yesterday. I had Chirashi regular and what I really liked is the freshness of fish. I think the chef actually sliced each fish for my order unlike other bargain restaurants where they had sliced all fish in advance for quicker service. But if you do that the freshness and moisture of fish get lost. I will go back there again for more fresh fish from now on. 	4.0
1090	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-12-24		"Small grocery store / sushi carry out or eat-in establishment. I decided to check this place out since it had good reviews from other reviewers. Owners and staff were very friendly and helpful. However, despite what others have said, I do not believe their sushi is ""decently priced"".  It is basically a full price you would pay at a restaurant with limited selection. I thought maybe if I were to get sushi to buy and take home, it would be cheaper, but it was about same as eating there. Overall, the sushi quality wasn't bad but nothing to write home about. Unless you frequent this place because you like the friendly staff here, I don't understand how a place like this deserves 5 stars. "	3.0
1091	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-05-13		"Want to impress your friends by taking them to some small, hard-to-find-unless-you-know-where-to-look place that serves amazingly fresh sushi?  Yeah, this is your place.  Go ahead, look down your nose at them as they gobble up surprisingly reasonably-priced sushi that tastes better than the high-priced ""Do you have a reservation"" shop up the street.    ""Oh really, you didn't know about this place?"", you'll say with a slightly condescending air - ""It's been here since, like, forever.""  Dismissively avoid their amazed glances, as you already understand you are a walking font of edible edification.  You know that they see what has just occurred - you have climbed to the top of your social circle, and not a single one of them - not even CATHY - can pull you from your perch.  She will go home and cry tonight, utterly defeated by the knowledge that not even her chicken-and-waffles flavored specialty ""waited-in-line-for-three-days"" cupcakes can't trump what you have accomplished.  A thousand curses she will raise, all falling on deaf and pleasantly hunger-sated ears.  The only thing that tastes better than the tuna sashimi and fresh ginger is the mixture of her supreme contempt and bitter tears.  Your friends will identify you as the alpha dog - the apex predator of obscure fine-dining, equipping them with the same ability to amaze their friends as if you were passing down the very hammer of Thor himself.  They will bow to your will, cower before your wisdom, shield their eyes from your glorious light.  At least until one of them spots that sweet curry shop that operates in the broom closet of the 7-11 on 355, but...I've already said too much.  EAT and be merry. "	4.0
1092	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-11-16		Has delicious sushi and miso soup. I decided to try them after a  recommendation from a coworker and I'll definitely be going back! 	4.0
1093	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-09-05		It's amazing how much goodness the owners have packed into this little store on St. Elmo!  The sushi is great, the sweets, frozen foods, and beverage selection is ample, and the standard grocery items for preparing Japanese cuisine is sufficient.  Oh, and the owners and staff are very friendly! 	5.0
1094	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-05-18		This is one of Bethesda's hidden little gems.  This place has been around for God knows...and its one of those places that if you aren't looking for it, you certainly won't find it.  I have bought sushi party platters from Hinata at least a dozen times and have been satisfied with the quality, taste, and price/value.  If you need some incidental Japanese groceries or snacks, you can find it here too.  What you won't find is much of other asian groceries (Chinese, Korean, et al).  The funny thing with this place is that I rarely find the place all that busy, but if I order a $100 worth of sushi platters which probably represents at least 50-80% of their volume for that hour it takes them to make it...I feel as though they wished I ordered somewhere else.  I mean why have it on the menu if you don't want me to order it?  Then sometimes, they tell me that I need to call a day in advance.  Well, I might not know that I want it a day in advance!??!  The price of their party platters was so good and so competitive that I put up with their bullshit attitude until a new kid on the block (actually a couple blocks away) showed them up with a similar pricing and product--then never came back.  Bottom line...if you make me feel like you don't want me there or want my business then...Ill go away.  I still give them a generous 4 stars for packing a unique store in such a small space in downtown Bethesda and offering a good product and value--just the service attitude is lackluster. 	4.0
1095	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-10-21		"For myself, Hinata is a neighborhood staple.They have decently priced sushi (it's reasonably priced for the area, where there are three other sushi restaurants within blocks, and what you get at lunch are good cuts of fish and veggies), basic culinary items/staples for Japanese cuisine, a nice selection of Japanese beverages/desserts/frozen-foods -- and a friendly staff. They're always happy to see regular customers and are always helpful and polite.   Though they have daily produce items, they aren't a large store, so their selection for fresh groceries is very limited. But this is not to dissuade anyone from checking them out, especially for your casual culinary needs. As a Japanese sushi/corner-store/grocery, they are a great, personable little shop in the ""old"" part of Bethesda (north of the metro). "	5.0
1096	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-01-19		I assume their sushi is great, but I haven't tried it. I come for the groceries. I often find what I need though sometimes I don't and I know that's a distributor issue not a store issue (as the other local stores seem to always be out of the same products)  The shop is small, and getting around can be hard when there are a lot of people in there or if you have a bag, but aside from that, it is amazing how much stuff they can fit in a small store. So go there right now if you need a sushi fix or are in need of Japanese food stuffs.. 	5.0
1097	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2007-11-30		This place is so cute. I found it walking down the street, actually looking for a different Japanese place. I only realized that it wasn't it after I had ordered. I wasn't disappointed at all though. In fact, I was rather happy that I had run into this place.   Hinata is actually a little Japanese market where you can get anything from rice to candy to drinks to different types of sauce. While I waited for my sushi to be made, I reminisce about all my childhood memories that were stashed in the candies.   They have a daily lunch special which costs about $8 which today consisted of a set (6) of avocado rolls, cucumber rolls, salmon, rock fish and some other nigiri. Not bad for the price. I went for a the spicy tuna rolls ($3.75) and the plum rolls ($3.) All I can say was that they were very good and I was very happy with them.   I can't wait to go back to this store. The only reason I'm taking off a star is because it's a bit small and the service was slooooooooooowwwwwww. But it wasn't that big of a deal. Basically don't expect to have your rolls made in 5min. Expect to wait 15. But, there are many things that you can look at (and drool over) in the store, while you wait. 	4.0
1098	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-09-14		Surprisingly good selection of goods for it's size. Good sushi for the money. Been going here for a while and the staff is super nice. Love going here for my Japanese snacks, coffee, and my dango in sweet soy sauce. 	5.0
1099	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-08-21		I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Hole-in-the-wall and don't expect seating for more than a few people at a table - it is carry-out.  But oh. my. god. Extremely fair prices - the rolls are a little smaller than a lot of places but so are the prices! And the advantage to that is you can get variety if you're hungry.  They have a real crab California roll for the same price as the imitation crab one. And it's ridiculously good. Tea comes in a cute little pot and they give you free refills of hot water as many times as you want (service is very warm and friendly!). It's the green tea that I think has toasted rice in it, so it's got a great cozy flavor.  And it's a Japanese grocery, so you'll find a lot of Japanese food items that you might not find in your generic Asian grocery store. Don't think I'd ever seen more types of furikake in one place, nor had I managed to find that ginger-carrot salad dressing they often serve in Japanese restaurants (they have ginger dressings around everywhere, but not the same). It's all there!  And the first time I walked in, Totoro was playing on the TV. That was just cute and made my day. 	5.0
1100	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-09-26		Hinata is, by far, one of Bethesda's best hidden gems.  If you are looking for good Japanese grocery and fresh sushi that won't break the bank, check out this mom &amp; pop style joint.  The appearance from the outside is nothing special, just as the inside offers a bare minimum of decor (unless a few small grocery aisles count), yet a humble facade is often one of the best indicators of great cheap food.    The staff is extremely friendly and you can watch them prepare sushi from fresh cuts of fish at the small bar (with view of a plasma TV that typically plays sports for all you fans) or simply people watch at the tables by the front window (inside or out).  The sushi itself is simple and tasty.  Unlike some sushi spots that equate mayo and tempura batter with flavor, Hinata serves up raw seafood and fresh veggies in all their glory for about $3-$6 a roll (except for the somewhat elaborate rolls which get a bit more expensive).  The sashimi is also worth it, and the other day I walked in to find two women happily munching down some great looking chirashi bowls (which I plan to try next!).  I typically get the lunch special for $8.50, which includes two roles and three pieces of sashimi, but at these prices you can mix it up.  Also, the hot tea is a brown rice green tea that comes in an individual tea pot and is well worth the couple bucks.   All in all this place is a real treasure and I haven't had a bad experience yet. 	4.0
1101	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2009-04-09		"I know you shouldn't base a stereotype on one person, but I'm gonna do it anyway. Takeru Kobayashi is Japanese, and he's tiny and impossibly ripped, considering if I ate that many hot dogs, I'd a) lie in state or b) have a lot more of me to love. A lot more. Therefore, all Japanese people are small, so my guess is, they modeled the grocery section for Japanese ppl b/c the aisles are narrow. Lotte, Grand Mart, H Mart, eat your heart out! Most people you see at the regular groceries would probably need to stand at the end of the aisle and ask for assistance from the tiny Japanese employees.  As far as what the narrow aisles contain, I like two things: bonito flakes and random imported beverages. For example, my current fave is Koiwai Brand's strawberry taste drink. The bottle says: ""The mild flavor of this strawberry taste drink is made using deliciously flavorful milk, which was selected by Koiwai."" Who doesn't like strawberry taste drink? If you don't, you must also think Domo isn't awesome, and if that's the case, get away from me! Some may say, ""That doesn't even taste like strawberry."" If that's you, then you need to shut the mouth b/c I personally like what you hoity-toity folks call ""fake."" For example, I heart banana flavored milk. Mmmm! So much better than real bananas! And besides, guys couldn't care less if something's (boobs, nose, hair) real or not. Most of you Bethesdans should know this.  I guess the only thing that's not tiny here are the prices. 500ml (~17fl oz) of strawberry taste drink is $2.30. But after a nice meal at Chicken on the Run, which is a few doors down, I'd rather come here and drop $2.30, than drop $1.95 on a bottle of Honest Tea at COTR.  As far as the sushi and other grub, I looked longingly at the people who were eating in the front of the store, so I guess that has to mean something...most likely that I am a chow voyeur, but that's a story for another time. Once again, keeping w/ the tiny theme, the tables in the front are small and they are spaced closely together. "	3.0
1102	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2013-03-20		I've only been here once, but was very impressed with the sushi here.  The rolls are very small, but everything was excellent.  I'm not good at articulating what I like about sushi, but I haven't had much better.  I stick with the simple stuff.  The crab roll had real crab. The ambiance is not good for eating in -- only two tables perched next to a refrigerator that has its own smell, but every bite was amazing.  The staff was very friendly. 	4.0
1103	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-09-30		Definitely a destination.  Since the other Japanese source in Bethesda closed, this is the only place to get natto and other scarce stuff.  And as the previous review noted, their $8 special would cost you $20 in ingredients and hours of stressful labor to make yourself, and your friends would laugh.  I hope Hinata is still there when the little girl is 21! Jim in Bethesda 	5.0
1104	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-11-13		I have no opinion about the grocery part of this store, I just go there for the sushi lunch special. For $9 it can't be beat. I guess I could wax poetic about the place, but...honestly, I just go there for inexpensive good sushi when I need to buy lunch in Bethesda. You should too. Or not. I can't tell you what to do. 	5.0
1105	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2009-04-10		"I love this place!  My friend Meleni and I take trips to satisfy our sushi craving together, and this is a must stop on our bethesda visits. It is small, and a bit cramped, yes, but they have so much stuff! (And since we're kids, we fiend for the junk food and ramune, and since I'm an aspiring cullinary artist, I love picking up sauces and seasonings) . I'm also learning how to make sushi and this place has so much sashimi for sale! The sashimi is pricy, but its for a good quantity. My friend and I wanted to just eat it raw.  The woman at the counter is so sweet to boot. I'm taking japanese and she tries to teach me a few things. While I'm eating sushi, She always asks me ""Oishii desu ka?"" (Is it good) while we eat their sushi, and it always is. Its not top, fancy resturaunt quality, but it does fufill the craving and its nicely priced. Plus, its one of the few japanese run stores that is open on Sunday, which is so great. Sometimes the craving just kicks in, you know, and sometimes I dont want to be at my counter making sushi for hours.  Being regular customers too (and we usually buy a hell of a lot when we're there so they've gotta love us) we get really good service (though everyone I've seen does as well).   If you're in the area, definately stop by. If not for the sushi, then for the snacks. ;3 "	5.0
1106	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-11-18		Went here today to grab lunch and ended up with a few things from their grocery supplies. Great Japanese snacks, the sushi was great and the staff was friendly. Highly recommend! 	5.0
1107	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-12-14		Hinata is a small mom &amp; pop shop.  I usually don't come here for the groceries but their sushi is genuinely authentic tasting.  The owner/staff are always friendly and the sushi is always fresh and tastes good. 	5.0
1108	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-06-29		Been around forever. Small grocery store/kitchen. With a 2 person table inside. 	4.0
1109	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2009-09-08		This is a tiny Japanese grocery store with a small sushi bar in the back. My review is based on the quality/service of the sushi not the actual grocery store.  I came in here for lunch last week and ordered the lunch special based on the Yelp reviews. The total came out to almost $10 for 6 rolls and 3 different sushi. The chef took ~5-10 minutes to prepare the sushi box. I give the sushi 2 stars out of 5 because there are better places to eat similarly priced sushi and it simply didn't feel as fresh as others are raving about. What little service they do have, on the other hand, is superb. They are all kind and greet you warmly.   Come here for quick and easy sushi fix.  Don't come here with a group for a lunch/dinner sushi experience. 	3.0
1110	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-09-10		Just tried their sashimi tonight. I'm really surprised....Really good quality fresh fish and the portions are very generous (I didn't get sashimi slices i got sashimi chunks). Also, the owner is super pleasant. she was really helpful helping me find all what i needed for groceries. I didn't even realize how much stuff they packed into that store.  Next time i'll try their sushi. 	4.0
1111	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-10-18		"I am still not a fan of their sushi counter - I like my fish cut thick so Hinata is not the place for me.  But I DO LOVE their little grocery section.  They have a good selection of basic Japanese foods and ingredients for a decent meal.  They even carry ""sake-kasu"" which is a recommended ingredient for marinating fish.  They have those yummy little mochi triangles of red bean goodness from Kyoto which you can find in the refrigerator section.  Their prices are also reasonable and a tad cheaper than Dairuma down the road at Bradley Avenue and about the same price (I found some items cheaper than) as Han Ah Reum.   Definitely worth your worth to come down here to scout out for Japanese ingredients if you can't drive to a proper Jap/Korean supermarket. "	3.0
1112	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-12-27		Japaneses grocery and sushi, you will find everything here from frozen to fresh food. Friendly staffs :) I think sushi is quite good and will be back for more.  If you like to make your own sushi or roll, Hinata also have everything ready for you from sushi rice to sushi do-it-yourself kit :) Well, thank you for reading my review! P.S parking is next door free on Sunday 	5.0
1113	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-04-17		Went there today and I was blown away.  This was one of my best sushi experiences.  I lived on Oahu for a year and ate all kinds of the genuine article.  Hinata would be right at home in Honolulu.  But I'm super happy that it's in my hometown.  I passed Matuba on the way there, and I've always liked the one in Arlington.  They had a nice display of plastic food in a glass case out front.  This got me in the mood for my lunch, which was an exceptional chirashi special.  With some really nice green tea, this was just over $20.  I was the first one in, watched a bit of the space shuttle landing at Dulles, looked around at the shelves and freezer while I waited.  They're closed on Monday, so it was the start of their week and they were getting a fish delivery.  It's not a quick wait, but they really had an eye for detail.  A little shiso leaf, eel sauce on the eel, perfectly vinegared warm rice with some sesame seeds here.  Very tasty kanpyo, perfect omelet, and loads of fresh fish.  A Japanese lady who is very apparently a regular saw mine and got the same thing to go.  I will become a regular now!  Can't wait to try some of their snacks as well.  Recommended big time!  The only thing that would improve it for me was if they Japanese beer to wash everything down with, but as I said the green tea was seriously good. 	5.0
1114	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2011-02-21		For dinner, I hit up Hinata Sushi Carry Out. Hinata is a small (really small) Japanese grocery store with 3 aisles less than 10 feet long with a Sushi counter in the back. One convenient note is that they sell sushi grade fish by the pound, which I felt bad for not being able to utilize sooner although $40/lbs of fish doesn't really help you save even if you are eating at home. The sushi was somewhat disappointing, though rolls were under $5. I would recommend ordering one of the preset sushi platters rather than ordering a la carte. In addition, I was able to pick up a couple of Japanese snacks like Almond Pocky and a Lychee drink. 	3.0
1115	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-11-22		My friends and I have been getting the supplies to make our own sushi here for years.  Originally recommended by a friend's mother (who is Japanese) this little gem has great sushi to go, a selection of Japanese groceries (but diverse considering the size of the shop), and fresh Japanese vegetables grown locally when available. Do not expect to sit and eat, although you might get lucky and get one of the few seats at the sushi bar. If you want to make your own sushi, skip the fish counter at the grocery store and come straight here! 	5.0
1116	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-07-28		Excellent sushi, lovely people, well-priced food, fresh fresh fish.  I go through withdrawal when they go on their summer vacation!  The store is really fun, too. 	5.0
1117	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2007-06-28		Update (Jan 8, 2008) 3.5 stars I had Tekka don from Hinata today for lunch. I like this place more with each visit. The Tekka don is not cheap -- it's about $14 -- but you get a good portion that includes a seaweed salad -- and the quality is very good.  ******  This place is sooo cute -- and good food at reasonable prices. Very friendly staff. My place around the corner from work for a quick sushi fix. 	3.0
1118	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-07-17		3 stars because the sushi was Ok. Not spetacular, not horrible either, but surely edible. The owner was nice and welcoming and sweet.   This place has a hole-in-the-wall feel in that its a little cramped and not as professionally set up. The assortment of items available for sale in terms of groceries range from frozen fried onigiri to instant cream soup.  I will mostly likely stop by here again to grab something quick from their grocery to make for dinner or o-bento.  As for sushi, I'd still rather go to Matuba's buffet, one block away for better sushi and more bang for the buck. $12 for all you can eat. You really can't beat that. 	3.0
1119	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-11-08		I had many japanese colleagues @ NIH, and this is what they all swore about when it came to authenticity, even over fancy restaurants. Authenticity exudes indeed, expecially from the right corner, plastered of magazines and ads for expats, upon which I pratice my nihongo, and of pictures of the owner's little daughter growing up in strenght and grace, dance recital after dance recital. Anyway, the locale is tiny but I never find myself wanting on japanese groceries. Plus since daruma  on arlington blvd closed, that's your only japanese option for miles and miles, unless you count pan-asian Korean boxstores, which are cheaper but not more furnished. The tables are two or three in number, but the sushi does makes up for that, and you can bring it home or sit in veterans' square if the weather is nice and warm; this way your non-sushi eating companion(s) can get a BRG. The only caveats are, Hinata closes earlier than it used to (7, wich is very early dinner for most working urbanties), and  although the chefs are drift and orgainzed, at peak times like saturday lunch, it might take time to get your special ready and presentation may suffer a bit. Fancy and creativity is not what this place is about, but fresheness over the years has been pretty constant. 	4.0
1120	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-12-09		Great place for takeout! Sushi is fresh and the service is the best I have experienced in the DC metro. Lots of japanese groceries to buy while your sushi is being prepared. They are willing to make custom rolls too, I like California rolls with sea urchin roe instead of fake crab ;) 	5.0
1121	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2012-02-29		The lunch specials at this place are no frills and straightforward, but the quality of the fish is of very good quality. It's usually 3 pieces of nigiri, 3 tuna rolls, 3 avocado rolls, and 6 lettuce rolls, for ~$8.50. Plenty of food for the price and quality.  Suggest call ahead to order since it's a VERY small store and just 1 guy making the rolls so wait time can be long if you order on the spot. 	5.0
1122	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2009-07-15		super fresh sushi! and a bunch of japanese groceries for sale. we ordered a ton of sushi because some relatives from japan were in town and it was all delicious! there's only 2 sushi chefs in the back so there can be a wait if there are a lot of orders going on. i'm craving some more fatty tuna just thinking about this place. 	4.0
1123	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-04-22		I work right across from the shop.  This place is really convenient and their lunch special is great.  You get 3 pieces of nigiri sushi and 12 pieces of roll sushi for about $8.40 including tax.   Normally you get 6 pieces of cucumber roll in there I'm not too wild about, but sometimes they'll have asparagus rolls or avocado rolls which taste much better to me as far as vegetarian roll goes.  They are right next to a parking garage so it's great if you could find a space. They are closed on Mondays. 	5.0
1124	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2007-06-28		I miss this place too!  I used to buy my frozen udon here that I can't find anywhere else - be it H Mart or Grand Mart.  I would go and clean out their frozen section of the udon.  They also have great selection of Japanese groceries considering the place is the size of a closet.  I've bought unagi sauce here to make my own unagidon - random stuff like that you can find here.  The sushi is yummy too! 	5.0
1125	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-11-22		Went here in the evening for a sushi dinner (they close at 7pm) - was alright, but nothing special for me. Got the daily special ($8 for 4pc of nigiri and a couple of veggie rolls), and added another roll (real crab California) for $4. Sushi was about average compared to the other DC and Bethesda places I have tried. Thought the rolls were a little on the small side, but were tasty enough. One thing that was excellent though as the picked ginger - really tasty and made a difference. Other than that, just average. 	3.0
1126	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2007-07-17		Very small place. There are two sushi chefs - one Japanese and one Latino.  Japanese one is rather aloof.  However, his wife is extremely friendly and cheerful and makes us want to go back there. There are few tables there to eat, but it is mostly small grocery store and sushi carryout. Very reasonable. I feel places like this are great.  Support this place! 	5.0
1127	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-8-1		I have yet to eat the sushi but the selection of Japanese groceries are pretty decent and cheaper than Daruma.	4.0
1128	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2008-7-29		I had the lunch special which consisted of 3 pieces of sushi and some maki for $8.50 (inclusive of tax).  The maki was not rolled properly - and it wasnt rolled freshly either.  The telltale sign was the chewy nori - the maki were sticking to each other like 2 drunken sailors hanging on the side of the ship for dear life!    The fish slices on top of the nigiri were fresh but you could barely taste anything thanks to the amazing paper thin slicing skill of the chef!  He must be a daikon slicing champion!  I am almost afraid to say that you can get better sushi at Wholefoods.  For the prices they charge, you are better off going to Tachibana in  McLean.  You get a lot better value if you have a sushi craving.   Well, if you are thinking of doing some Japanese cooking,  the store is convenient for picking up basic Japanese ingredients - the prices are also pretty reasonable - in fact, I found some of their items cheaper than Super H.  If you are a Rumune junkie, Hinata stocks a variety of flavours.  They are about $1.20 a bottle.  I am pretty amazed how many things they managed to pack the store with - this was exactly what I imagined Daruma to be when I first spotted the store from across CVS.    Well worth a visit for Japanese grocery - not so much for the food counter.	2.0
1129	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2006-09-19		When I recently asked a Japanese friend where her fellow expats find good but cheap sushi, she said go Northwest.  Seattle?  No, she wasn't being sarcastic.  Actually, she said go northwest to Bethesda.  That's where you'll find a little Japanese market with a little sushi bar inside that charges little for the fresh sushi (normal-sized).  Boy, this pink-signed convenience store/market may not look like much from the outside but it does have good and cheap sushi.  Nigiri ranged from $1.50-$2.25 per piece and 6-piece maki for around $3.  Given the prices, the selection of fish is good if not as diverse as places like Sushi Taro.  The place is tiny, so definitely not a place for groups unless it's for take-out, and even then, there is only one sushi chef.  The sushi bar is tucked in the back next to the cash register and literally has only four seats.  There are a few tables squeezed into the front of the store and another couple placed outside on the sidewalk.  On this occasion, the hamachi, saba, hotategai, and unagi were all tasty.  Maybe because of the prices, the toro, however, wasn't very fatty (though didn't try the o-toro) and the botan ebi wasn't served with the deep-fried head, though the body of the botan ebi was good and fresh.   Can't really complain much though, this is one place where I can afford to have sushi weekly or more often without breaking my budget.  And the bonus is that Hinata is only a few blocks north of the Bethesda metro, so for those of us car-less (and those weary of leaving the district like me), it's quite convenient. 	4.0
1130	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2006-11-17		Just moved out here a couple of months ago and I've been searching for decently priced quality sushi in the area. Hinata's a little mom and pop store with a small sushi bar in the back. Their fish is pretty fresh and the rice good. I've only been there once and ordered the chirashi, which was about $10. They have the option of buying sashimi pieces by weight, too and their fishes are quite varied. I'd definitely go back again for some well priced Chirashi! 	4.0
1131	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2009-01-08		Three stars for the sushi - not the best, but still good.  The fourth star is for the price - the best sushi value I've seen in the area - and the friendly staff.  Seating is incredibly limited, but if you get lucky you can grab one.  I've never seen it very busy, but I have only been later in the day for dinner and during odd hours on the weekend.  Would recommend. 	4.0
1132	hinata-sushi-carry-out-bethesda	2010-10-30		good sushi but very small rolls.  won't be going back 	3.0
1133	raku-bethesda	2015-12-07		The first time I came here was for lunch. The service was good, no complaints, my water stayed filled and she took our order promptly.   I got the chicken terryaki lunchbox. It came with a salad, vegetables, California rolls and the chicken. The chicken was good, a good amount of sauce and there was a mayo mashed potato underneath which added a creaminess. The salad was tossed in a ginger dressing, I liked it. The sushi was good too. My friend thought his chicken was undercooked because it had a weird texture. We think that maybe it was just frozen previously which made it taste less fresh.   The next time I came was at night, the service was still good, however they were more lazy about filling up water glasses and getting our check processed. I got the tuna pizza, which was interesting, not the best and I would not order it again. The tuna was really good though and I ended up eating the tuna pieces off the pizza.   We also got a bowl of udon soup. It was good, classic udon! I feel like it is probably hard to mess this dish up so good that they didn't. 	4.0
1134	raku-bethesda	2015-12-01		I love the noodle soup. This is my favorite dish in this restaurant but everything else is very tasty as well. For appetizer I love the prawn. For sushi crunchy shrimp, soft shell crab and red dragon For entree their salmon is really good. My only criticism is their drinks. Their cocktails need more creativity and stronger in alcohol. 	4.0
1135	raku-bethesda	2015-11-28		We chose this spot because we were up for some kind of Asian food and it was within walking distance of our hotel in downtown Bethesda.  We tried to make reservations but couldn't get anything until fairly late, but we decided to go anyway. We did have about a 15-minute wait but got a seat in a booth.  Bottom line: We enjoyed Raku but found it a bit uneven. Some dishes were excellent, others (such as the fried calamari and the pot stickers) were so-so. Perhaps we should have stuck to the sushi and other strictly Japanese dishes?  It was definitely crowded and loud, and dinner for three with drinks came to around $150 with tax and tip, so it's not a cheap meal, but overall we enjoyed it.  Service was super friendly and efficient. 	4.0
1136	raku-bethesda	2015-11-16		While far from the best sushi I've had in the area, this has an upscale feel and good location right in downtown Bethesda. 2 of us came here for a weeknight dinner and split 5 sushi rolls - each ranged from $6-12. I liked the philly, spicy tuna, and rainbow, although those are pretty standard at most sushi restaurants so you can't go wrong. Our total came out to $50 after tax and tip.  There were some cool specialty rolls on the menu that I would be interested to try next time. They also have a good selection of reasonably priced lunch specials. 	4.0
1137	raku-bethesda	2015-04-21		Patio seating was mandatory for my annual birthday Sushi meal (not that I don't eat Sushi often), but it's my extra gift to myself before the big day/night of fun. I tried very hard not to allow my experience hinder my special day.   The hostesses were the highlight of my culinary outing. There were two of them &amp; those pint size ladies were in sync with their wait list &amp; seating duties. Our wait time was 30 minutes which wasn't too bad for this cramp yet busy little spot...off to the bar where my Sister &amp; I sat until our table was ready.   When I say cramp, I'm being generous as this place is a tight space, with the sushi bar being the biggest object in here. &amp; the pickup station which seems to almost overlap the bar area, causes a bit of hectic traffic/friendly collisions. It was a unique visual appetizer watching the commotion.    &amp; speaking of the bar, there was only one bartender, not sure about that game plan in place for the early SAT Night, as it was already crowed when I arrived &amp; became more crowded by the minutes. Now I'm very cognizant to the culture &amp; language barriers, yet please don't be in the mixology service of all positions of the restaurant industry if you don't have any patience or social interaction. 5 minutes to be acknowledged, 5 minutes for the Wine List &amp; another 5 minutes to place my order. The 2 glasses of Malbec was not a tall order yet the bartender came off very timid...multi-tasking must not have been her strong suit. Additionally, there were only two other people at the bar, so not sure why the frantic looks when I asked for a glass water with lemon.   Flip side, our wait wasn't a full 30 minutes so I became excited when the one of the dual hostess came &amp; got us. As I scanned the patio when approaching the restaurant, I saw how condensed and small the tables were, so I wasn't surprised when were seated. Our server was a jazzy &amp; witty individual who embraced the cultural variations. She was pretty quick with our order &amp; the food didn't waste it's time coming out.   I ordered the Petite Sashimi &amp; the portion mirrored the name perfectly. For $15, I would have expected more than a few slivers of Tuna, Salmon, Whitefish and Octopus, in which I swapped out for more of whatever the Server told me I would get...no customer substitutions please. Hence, I was still hungry after that brief consumption so I ordered the Red Dragon Roll. It had a great combination of Salmon, Ell, Avocado, Cucumber, Spicy Tuna, Serrano Peppers and Eel sauce; this selection definitely put me in a better foodie mood.   When it was time for the check (we went Dutch), it took our savvy server two times to get our check right, wasn't too much of trigonometry going on, just a glass of wine on each check. I must say my Sushi Roll was very good and will be the only reason I come back, but overall the customer service needs to improve. 	3.0
1138	raku-bethesda	2015-08-28		This place is very hit or miss for me. Some days the rolls are bangin' and other days they're very mediocre. It's very centrally located, which makes it a convenient place. But it does not rank in my top three sushi spots of bethesda.   The only useful thing I can remember is that the large seaweed salad has a lot of mixed greens in it. So if you're expecting a lot of seaweed - that's not this dish. 	3.0
1139	raku-bethesda	2015-01-30		KAY - was our really polite and attentive server who made our dinner very very enjoyable! A couple times, she let us know our food was coming out shortly, brought us more than one cup of hot water, and was quick with our bill.   PROTIP: you can ask to split the Coconut Red Curry noodle soup in two, and they will bring it out in two bowls. Between a friend and I, we split the noodle soup, and ordered two rolls of sushi (and paid less than $20 overall including tip!). Very filling and enough noodle soup for leftover lunch the next day. 	4.0
1140	raku-bethesda	2015-07-13		I absolutely love sushi but my experience at Raku was underwhelming. We ordered one of their sushi platters as well as an actual entree. For the same price, I could have gotten much higher quality food elsewhere.  Additionally, the seating in Raku is incredibly cramped. The tables are replaced within maybe 1.5 feet away from each other, just enough for someone to squeeze through. I could easily hear the conversation from the table next to us and took away from the overall experience. 	3.0
1141	raku-bethesda	2015-11-03		My boyfriend and I ate here on a Monday night for dinner. The food was fantastic the place is just literally jam packed. We had an end table for two by the sushi bar and our table was actually bumped into more than once. Will definitely be asking for a booth the next time we dine here!  Also- although our food came out pretty slowly, when we didn't finish our entire sushi assortment our waitress asked if we wanted something else assuming we didn't like it. This made up for the late arrival. 	4.0
1142	raku-bethesda	2015-11-06		AH-MAZ-ING   At first walking by I would avoid it because it looked pretty fancy and i just assumed their prices were really high....boy was I wrong! The food here is great and the prices are even better! Especially in the Chevy Chase-Bethesda area, finding reasonably priced food is a steal! I usually get the $12- $15 Bento lunch boxes...best $15 I have ever spent, they give you SO much food!    So happy I found this place! Never change RAKU 	5.0
1143	raku-bethesda	2015-12-09		Service was fast and friendly. Appetizer with salmon and green apple. ..and jalapeno, was one of the best apps I've ever had! 	5.0
1144	raku-bethesda	2014-11-29		Seating is a bit tight. I was less than a foot away from the person in the next table. It's definitely really intimate, but the music and crowd is loud enough to have a private conversation.   The broth of the soups are so savory. I'd come back just for those. Can't go wrong with the Beef Tokyo Dashi Broth with Egg Noodles. The rolls are super fresh and bigger than most places. Chesapeake Bay Roll was awesome! Bento boxes are a great option of you're craving a bit more variety. 	5.0
1145	raku-bethesda	2015-04-03		They also have a gluten-free menu and gluten-free soy sauce if you ask!   Service can be a bit slow if it's busy, but the food is well worth the wait. Love it! 	5.0
1146	raku-bethesda	2015-02-24		I found a huge bug in my miso sauce after I ate the entire salmon box lunch. I would give them 1 star but they comped my lunch and my friend's lunch as well and he probably ate $40 worth of sushi.   But all I got to say is Ewwwwww! 	2.0
1147	raku-bethesda	2015-06-05		Deserves the stars and rave reviews for great food, fare pricing and wonderful service. Al fresco dining. Indoors is noisy but comfortable. Small fast paced restaurant with open kitchen. If you are lucky enough to try the ramen noodle bowl with chars u pork on special, a new dish, go for it. The correct balance of rich flavorful broth and perfectly cooking ramen noodles. Ask for the seasoning hiker to bump up the flavor. Salads are a mist here, roasted wild mushroom with arugula and a simple mixed with ginger was bright and engaging to the tastebuds before tucking into salmon belly rolls, soft shell crab roll and hamaki. Do save room for poached pear for dessert. Large enough to to share 	4.0
1148	raku-bethesda	2015-11-11		I have been loving RAKU for years but today was the worst!  I usually eat with my kids and we are a party of 6 and we always love it.  Today I stopped in solo at the start of lunch and was practically the only one at the Sushi Bar.  I ordered soup and the deluxe Jo nigiri sushi and the soup came but the Sushi never did.  I watched the restaurant fill up completely for lunch and everyone else get served.  I asked on three occasions to check on my food and finally had to leave with out the food.  The woman next to me got a bento box and as she started to eat it they took it away realizing they brought her the wrong persons meal.  I watched that meal come from her mouth right back to another diner after she took a taste.  So disappointing today. 	1.0
1149	raku-bethesda	2015-10-11		The best food in downtown Betheada. Absolutely amazing fusion of Japense and Thai food. Udon noodle soup and dragon roll are both great choices. 	5.0
1150	raku-bethesda	2015-06-03		Three and a half stars. Small bar to the right, patio seating available, pretty limited lunch menu, decor clearly aiming to establish themselves as a date night option. Service is polite and a little overwhelmed during peak hours. For a slightly steep Asian fusion spot, I'd say sashimi's not their strong suit-- decent quality fish, but thin and uneven cuts. Octopus was poached a little too long, especially stingy on mackerel, and the eel teaser in the menu description never showed. More rice than fish in the deluxe chirashi to fill you up, but at least they have the decency to add a generous mix of goodies to the lightly seasoned base layer: diced tamago, shredded nori, ikura, kanpyo, etc. On the other hand, I liked their ginger pumpkin soup enough to be intrigued by the less raw half of their menu. Will probably return to try Szechuan crispy chicken, coconut red curry noodle soup, Chinese five spiced duck breast; Chilean sea bass tempura roll, Maine lobster roll. 	3.0
1151	raku-bethesda	2015-08-27		Super fresh sushi and even tho I waited quite some time for my food it was worth the wait. Very good! 	5.0
1152	raku-bethesda	2014-09-13		Simply not impressive.  Raku is yet another sushi place in the Washington D.C. area, albeit one without anything really impressive about it.  The sushi is tasty, but does not stand out amongst a sea of other places with good sushi.  The restaurant itself is somewhat crowded, to the point where I felt like I could not fit into the booth - and I'm a reasonably-sized dude.  The ambiance was bland.  In other words, there are a number of places that do the food or ambiance better than Raku, so I don't find this a particularly appetizing choice. 	3.0
1153	raku-bethesda	2012-6-5		Nothing short of AMAZING. One of my favorites if not my favorite restaurant in Bethesda. The coconut red curry noodles are my go-to menu item every single time. I haven't been able to try any other main courses because I'm so hooked. It is HUGE and a great deal! The chicken satay skewers/salad is also very good. My friends love the sushi too.  The place is small, but service is usually prompt. Call ahead for a reservation or be prepared to wait!	5.0
1154	raku-bethesda	2014-01-06		This is one of those trendy Asian Fusion restaurants that young hip crowds or rich Bethesda folks will flock to.  It is pretty pricey and the food is nothing to brag about. Great place to bring a date, I guess. It can get cramped inside.   I ordered the Red Dragon Roll (Salmon, Eel, Avocado, topped with spicy tuna and spicy pepper) and salmon sashimi. Interesting roll. It was pretty good.  My brother ordered the Jo Nigiri, which was normal fish nigiri. Nothing special. 	3.0
1155	raku-bethesda	2014-06-09		Raku is an Asian fusion restaurant that has two locations - one in Bethesda and one in DC.  I came here to meet a fellow Yelp friend (Lissa B.), and I was excited to try out one of her suggestions!  We sat outside (thank goodness for the actual nice weather, as I am totally not a sun person, but I loved the large shades and no attack-age from any insects/birds), which was a nice change from dining indoors.  The menu offers appetizers (edamame, dumplings, chicken, calamari, etc.), soups, salads, bento boxes, noodles, and soups.  We ordered the following:  Chicken &amp; Pork Dumpling (nicely and crisply fried with a pineapple star anise sauce with chive oil - the dumplings themselves were actually pretty solid, and it was an interesting mix of flavors from the tangy and sweet pineapple sauce it was sitting in); and, a 'Seoul' Train Roll (very cute name; a maki roll with a Korean sauce (bibimbop sauce), tuna, kimchi, kalware, and scallion - I didn't taste the kimchi, and the tuna itself was okay; the maki itself was more dressed with the bibimbop sauce).  For our entrees, we had the Beef Tenderloin Tataki bento box (this came with miso soup (that was okay), fresh California rolls (great avocado), house salad, fried shrimp shumai (I was actually impressed with these as I am usually not a fan of shumai; slightly crispy exterior with a nice mound of shrimp inside), and portobello-green beans (loved the fresh mushrooms, green beans, as well as the salty carved cheese).  Lissa pointed out that the DC does not have this particular meat as part of their bento box selections, which I found quite odd and interesting.  The tenderloin was cooked nicely, as it was very juicy and flavorful - they were set on top of mashed potatoes.  It was a nice meal, and I suggest in ordering Chicken &amp; Pork Dumplings as an appetizer and ordering the Beef Tenderloin Tataki bento box as your meal.  I am glad I was able to check this place out! :D  +Beef Tenderloin Tataki bento box 	3.0
1156	raku-bethesda	2015-11-06		It was rude that you told me 15 mins to sit outside.  Then gave my spot to some regulars than convinced me inside was only choice. Rude management. Especially with 2 small children. 	1.0
1157	raku-bethesda	2014-06-21		The first thing I felt when I was ushered to my table was how crowded some of the seating is. If you are looking to come here to have some sort of semi-private dinner conversation with your friend, this isn't the place!   But aside from that, the food was a-okay... a bit on the pricier side of things. I ordered from the special menu, the 6 piece nigiri sushi combo and a miso soup. The fish was alright.. miso soup was also standard. Their dessert menu is also delicious. The staff was really friendly; our waitress took the time explain everything on the menu to us. Close to metro, plenty of street and garage parking nearby. 	3.0
1158	raku-bethesda	2015-06-29		I went here for the first time this past Friday with my boyfriend and another couple. We got sat almost immediately for our 8:00P reservation which was amazing considering it was 120% packed for the evening. However, we stood around for 5 minutes waiting for another chair even though our reservation clearly said for 4 people. Once we sat down, it took a little while for our server to make their way to us - which again - is understandable considering how busy it was. Once we finally got drinks and food, I was super excited to dig into my Philly roll and Double Salmon roll. Overall, it was okay. The rolls were a little dry and my Philly roll was mostly rice. Considering the price, I was expecting more. I may give this place another chance but I doubt it would be anytime soon and I'll probably head over before the dinner rush. 	2.0
1159	raku-bethesda	2014-07-16		I did not have a positive experience here.  The tables are close together and it seemed like I could hear everyone else but my dining companion.  The service was slow; the food was so so.  The hot dishes that we ordered had cooled off considerably before they were presented.  And, I had a green salad, a mesclun mix to be exact, that was truly slimy--should not have been served to me.  From the hostess, to the waitress, to the bus boys I encountered, everyone had their eyes on the ground and seemed hopelessly lost in their work.  Hard to get someone's attention, so just gave up on the whole meal.  Not a happy place to be or eat.  For the prices they are asking--I expected more. 	2.0
1160	raku-bethesda	2015-10-28		was visiting DC last week with my wife.  Our friends took us to Raku in Bethesda for dinner.  Firstly, the waitress was angry for some reason.  Then the soup wasn't that good at all.  Was an over priced bowl of grease.  The vegetarian and sea food dishes are limited.  Afterwards were still hungry and went out for pizza to have a real quality meal. 	1.0
1161	raku-bethesda	2015-01-11		I think Raku has some good entrees and sushi. I would still rather go to yuraku in Germantown for just sushi, but if you want an assortment, this place has a great variety. It's situated right by mussel bar off woodmont ave. parking is available on the street or in the garage (meter parking).   My go-to meal is the red curry udon noodles. You can choose to add veggies, chicken, beef, shrimp or seafood variety. It's comes in a large bowl and its good for sharing. Just ask for an extra bowl.   Their sushi is good. I've tried some and it's s hit or miss. Their appetizers are appropriately sized for two people. I liked the dumplings and shrimp rolls. I think some of their things are over priced, but then again they are located in downtown Bethesda.   The seating is crowded and you may most likely end up waiting and being crammed right next to another party who can hear all of your conversation. But they do the best they can for a small place.   I think this place is perfect for a casual date night or going out with a few friends for sushi and drinks. I definitely wouldn't take a big group (4 or more) there. There's just not that much space. Expect to pay at least $15+ a person for food and drinks. 	3.0
1162	raku-bethesda	2013-07-21		3.5 stars. Off the bat I gotta say that the bench type of seating is very uncomfortable. The pads were all flat not providing any cushion at all plus its so narrow making it difficult to scoot over if someone has to use the rest room. The bento boxes are blah. The ala carte sashimi are fresh but the cuts are tiny, nigiri is fresh and yum. SErvice is great....A bit on the pricey side. 	3.0
1163	raku-bethesda	2015-07-08		Been coming here for years and they have their good days and not so good with some of the trickier sushis like Uni not so fresh, but most of the time both the rolls and the sushi are very good. I particular like their Deluxe Jo Nigiri. Quality for price, this is probably the best place in the DC area. This is true of the Bethesda location, the DC location is much worse in all regards. 	4.0
1164	raku-bethesda	2014-10-24		A decent place that seemed a bit overrated. There is no parking. The food here is a pricey and the rolls are small and seemed to be constructed with a haphazard manner. Upon looking around the store paint was chipping off, utensils were still dirty, the placement matt was broken and I never got a refill on water. The popularity of this place is most likely atttorbuted from its location. Sadly, this place is a total let down. 	2.0
1165	raku-bethesda	2015-09-16		Sushi was delicious and fresh! I was really worried about eating here due to the reviews but what we had were on point! 	5.0
1166	raku-bethesda	2014-04-18		Really enjoyed the food! Service was terrible, the restaurant is very cramped, while suffering from being terribly laid out on top of the seating not being that comfortable. HOWEVER, the food more than made up for it.  I had the coconut red curry noodle bowl originally ordered with udon noodles. Our waitress came back to inform me they were out of the udon noodles so I picked soba noodles. Did not mind the noodle change at all considering the bowl of deliciousness that appeared before me. It was huge, so much so that I took it home and had a hearty helping for lunch the next day. I would order this again hands down and have been craving it since. The taste and texture of the tofu was so spectacular.  I had a couple dumplings to start with, which were great as well and a perfect palette primer, they are fried.   I can't wait to go back, that noodle bowl is calling my name. 	4.0
1167	raku-bethesda	2015-09-20		Ahh, raku was so fun and fancy when it opened. Now it is fine-- not amazing but not bad. I wish they would revisit the menu a bit or somehow refresh it to justify the price, but for now it's fine--just a fine I won't be visiting any time soon given the myriad other choices at better price points. 	3.0
1168	raku-bethesda	2015-09-01		Great Sushi-so fresh! We love eating outside when it is nice. 	4.0
1169	raku-bethesda	2015-01-10		Amazing sushi. No reservations but quick turnaround. They have uni. Noodle soups are huge so be prepared to take home or just have the soup. Staff is nice and accommodating. Wine selection is outstanding. Ambience is cool. With the ceiling decked out with oversized upside down geisha like umbrellas, sleek modern booths and a cool sushi bar, this place is both great for family and a couple wanting to go out for a date. Highly recommend the uni with quail egg, Seoul roll, double salmon roll, and deluxe spicy tuna roll. Both noodle soups are also out of this world. 	5.0
1170	raku-bethesda	2014-01-20		I visited Raku with two friends so I am rating the experience collectively as 4 stars. Seating is extremely limited at Raku. To put it in perspective, the kitchen is the same size as the dining area. I am surprised we were able to get seating at 5pm without a reservation (Raku closes and then re-opens at 5pm).  I recommend reservations on a Friday or weekend.   One of my friends is gluten-free and Raku is easily able to accommodate dietary restrictions; however they discontinued several of their gluten-free items but have yet to remove those items from the menu.   We started out with edamame. It's the best edamame I've ever had. The pods were perfectly salted and the beans were flavorful and fresh. For dinner, one of my friends had the Deluxe Spicy Tuna sushi with tuna, jalapeno, sriracha, ginger, avocado, cilantro, tempura flake, spicy mayo, and scallion. He said it was the best sushi combo ever. But he also equated the experience to eating at Krispy Kreme - the first bite is outta this world and it goes downhill from there. He also had the Philly Roll with smoked salmon, cream cheese, red onion, cucumber, shisho herb, and lemon caper sauce. This roll also comes highly recommended. My other friend is gluten-free and had the Mesclun &amp; Herbs salad but substituted the dressing for mustard vinaigrette that is gluten free. The salad comes with kaiware sprouts, red onion, crispy ginger and cilantro. I also had the same salad but with miso dressing. I thought the salad was decent.  My friend also had the Salmon Roll which was fresh and appetizing. I had the Veggie Futomaki with spinach, avocado, cucumber, kaiware, shitake, inari, asparagus, and lemon basil sauce. Next time I will just stick with a regular avocado roll. The lemon basil sauce was a nice touch.   Prices are very reasonable with many rolls priced at approximately $8, and even lower prices are offered at lunch. Raku's website menu is not inclusive of all of their offerings. Don't click on the lunch and dinner menu, instead click on the printable menu to view the full menu.    Service was decent. The server was in training and did a fine job.   The seats are bench-style and my one complaint is that the person seated behind me was sharing the same bench and he bounced around and it caused my seat to move like a see-saw.   Note: the location is on Woodmont Ave but with the construction I had a hard time with my navigation. Raku is located across from Cosi and Jaleo and next to Mussel Bar. 	4.0
1171	raku-bethesda	2015-06-29		The service was very friendly and I give them points for that, but the sushi (which is the most important part) was decidedly average in my humble opinion. For $80+ I expected more and I was a little disappointed. 	3.0
1172	raku-bethesda	2015-02-15		Great sushi quality, great service, lots of selections, and they are very attentive regarding adjustments to orders. 	4.0
1173	raku-bethesda	2015-06-01		Stopped in to Raku for lunch. It was busy and I was alone so I sat at the bar which was fine by me. I was quickly brought a water and my order was taken, the deluxe bento box. My miso soup arrived fast, my meal... Did not. About 28 minutes after I finished my miso the waitress rushed over with an order of edamame apologizing for the wait. This was a nice gesture but would have made more of an impact about 15 minutes earlier. Approx 1 minute later my actual meal arrived. Everything was tasty it was just quite the wait for a lunch time meal. If you have a short lunch break I wouldn't suggest it. 	3.0
1174	raku-bethesda	2015-04-19		Sushi was mediocre, but their curry udon was delicious! The broth itself was great, but the udon and different sea foods made the dish come together perfectly! 	4.0
1175	raku-bethesda	2015-03-31		I always go for their Tokyo dashi broth with udon noodles and beef which is so filling and delicious! I'm sure that the rest of the menu is as good as their soups but after having all this broth honestly I can't even order dessert because it's that filling! The only thing I don't really like about this restaurant is their seating, so if you're looking for an intimate date or conversation you should not consider this place since the tables are so close. There are booth tables available as well, but these are exclusively for bigger parties 3+. 	5.0
1176	raku-bethesda	2014-11-30		The sushi here is as good as it gets...their other food is great too...if you want a great place in Bethesda, MD; this is the place to go.  I highly recommend Raku.... 	5.0
1177	raku-bethesda	2015-05-31		The problem with this place is the service, it is so slow. Food is okay but not the best. You can find much better Sushi for the same price. I cannot recommend the place. 	2.0
1178	raku-bethesda	2013-12-15		"The line out the door doesn't lie: this is one of the best Japanese restaurants in the area (although, to be truthful, the competition is not that stiff). Raku is a sure bet for a date or taking out colleagues--the menu is extensive enough that it suits all tastes, and it's hard to find a poorly prepared dish on the menu. Going late night for a small bite or heading there at dinnertime for a multi-course (and multi-hour) dinner, this place has it covered.  Outside sitting area is very cramped, far beyond ""cozy"" or ""intimate,"" and a just a few inches away from Bethesda drivers trying to park their oversized SUVs. Suggest getting a table inside, even though it tends to be loud. Small quips aside, Raku is among the best places in Bethesda.   Will def return. "	4.0
1179	raku-bethesda	2015-04-01		Raku is our 'go to' restaurant in downtown Bethesda.. It's consistently excellent...wonderfully fresh sushi, but you can also get a full meal if you're not a sushi lover.. Watch their 'specials' for some creative choices. Great selection of wines and their plum wine sangria is a real treat. 	5.0
1180	raku-bethesda	2015-03-30		Great food...very nice preparation and presentation...prices are very reasonable for the selections and quality... 	4.0
1181	raku-bethesda	2015-08-08		Horrible food poisoning from Raku. Just finishing two hours of horrible vomiting etc from lunch today. I've eaten there countless times, but I will never go back again. 	1.0
1182	raku-bethesda	2015-04-11		Greàt sushi variety. Service takes a very long time. We waited 50 minutes for our simple entree order to arrive. 	2.0
1183	raku-bethesda	2013-12-02		This place is my fave place, so far, for sushi in Bethesda. The staff is helpful, the sushi and drinks are on point, and the atmosphere is fun and modern. Everyone from families to people on dates come here, and we're all ready and willing to wait during regular meal hours. If you're smart, you'll go earlier or later - and I just opt to sit at the bar often. I actually prefer it over the table seating. 	4.0
1184	raku-bethesda	2014-09-19		Raku is consistently busy -- it's not uncommon to see a line of people waiting for a table.   That said, if you are in good company, you won't mind the wait. You will LOVE Raku for being hip, crowded, and feeling so alive with people in a great neighborhood.   Allow time to eat, talk, and enjoy for the best experience. I recommend Raku when there is no rush for getting in and out.   The staff are attentive and helpful as can be expected given the restaurant is consistently busy. I also request a booth which less crowded than the tables. 	4.0
1185	raku-bethesda	2015-08-01		I really don't understand the popularity.  It was passable food, and just barely.  Very small portions of mediocre sushi and very large portions of substandard junk in a bento box.  There was nothing I would order again.  Service was a little slow too. 	1.0
1186	raku-bethesda	2014-11-08		I use to come for the sushi until i had the thai curry bouillabaisse and since then that is all i get! A MUST! 	5.0
1187	raku-bethesda	2014-07-29		Tables are close, too close.  Food did not do anything for me neither did the sake martinis I had.   Service was good though - we had a very attentive waitress.  Will not return willingly 	3.0
1188	raku-bethesda	2014-03-26		Went with a group of eight to Raku on a Friday evening. The restaurant was very busy, and even though we had reservations, we had to wait a bit. If you go with a group, don't go with more than six people. The restaurant is small, and we had a table added on to our booth to accommodate, leaving little room for staff and customers to walk by. Definitely make reservations for the weekend, preferably in advance.  Raku offers a variety of sushi, which I am not a fan of, but everyone in my group seemed to really enjoy their meals. Raku has non-sushi offerings as well. I enjoyed my crispy chicken appetizer and the duck entree, both were prepared well and plentiful. I would go again, but not with such a large group. 	3.0
1189	raku-bethesda	2013-10-28		I have been here a couple of times now. The food is very good but the service is not always up to par. I understand that they can get very busy. That being said if I feel a need for a sushi fix and I can't make it to Dupont I will come here for sure. I really like that they have outdoor seating when the weather is nice.  I have ate at the bar, outside and at a table. I would have to say eating at the table is where I got the best service. Even eating at the bar I still had to ask the bartender for my check even though my plate had been cleared for quite some time. I also had to ask for refills on my water, even with my glass being in clear sight of the bartender. Will I come back, why yes I would. Would I recommend it, yes but having had better I would suggest other places first! 	3.0
1190	raku-bethesda	2013-06-15		I tried their bento box and it was so cute. I always wanted to have a bento box with different food in it. I got the salmon teriyaki. The flavor was okay but it was a little salty. I didn't like the fact that they put too much sauce under the salmon and made it so salty and I couldn't just eat it by itself. Overall it was good beside the sauce. 	4.0
1191	raku-bethesda	2013-07-10		Raku is a great place to eat. It is always packed and reservations are needed for any night 6 to 9 pm. It is small and the seating is tight but the food is outstanding. Good sushi, and their udon noodle soup is amazing.  Their offerings are unique, but not so much as to fall into the chasm of becoming a foodie-place. It is well thought out, with fresh ingreedents and well worth the price of admission. 	4.0
1192	raku-bethesda	2015-01-13		When I travel to DC and stay in Bethesda I always include dinner RaKu.  I've probably eaten here twelve times.  Occasionally two days in a row.    Whether it's the sushi, sashimi, nigiri or the cooked entrees I have never been disappointed.  The Whole Sea Bass is so light and delicate it just melts in your mouth.  The wine list and cocktails are globally sourced and extensive.  The pricing seems reasonable given the quality.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable. 	5.0
1193	raku-bethesda	2015-06-03		I got the corn soup (on their special menu) and one of the vegetarian rolls.  The sushi was good, especially the green mint based sauce that came with it.  The sweet corn soup was honestly one of the worst things I've tasted.  I couldn't even take more than 5 sips of it!  It was soo sweet, like they had added sugar.  It hurt my teeth as I tried to eat it.  A good waitress would have recognized my almost untouched dish and asked if everything was okay.  But she just took it away.  We also had to flag her down to take our credit cards for payment as we had been waiting for 20 minutes to get her attention.  The restaurant was not super busy.  I don't think I would recommend this place for vegetarians and definitely not that corn soup! 	2.0
1194	raku-bethesda	2014-03-02		My friends and I love Raku because of the great food and great prices.  Service always sucks, servers don't speak good English and they are slow. But once they put your food in the system, the food will come fast! Everything on the menu tastes good. My favorites are - Tofu salad - soft shell crab roll- shrimp udon and all the spice rolls! Summer months are perfect here since you can sit outside and enjoy the weather ! 	4.0
1195	raku-bethesda	2013-06-14		I ordered vegan corn chowder, a soft shell crab roll and a grilled salmon harasu roll. The chowder was just veggies in water. I liked the touch of putting a bit of pesto on it, but i thought a chowder was supposed to be creamy. You can make a vegan soup creamy-- blend some corn up! It just seemed misleading.   The soft shell crab roll was very bland and for $8.50 the five pieces didn't contain much crab at all. Whatever sauce it came with didn't taste like anything and the roll kind of fell apart when i dipped it in soy sauce. The salmon had a nice smoky flavor and crispy skin but was definitely overcooked and dry. I also got a california roll and spicy tuna roll to go and those were no better than College Park sushi... which is sad.   I've been to Raku once before, in its Dupont location, and I did like the ginger pumpkin soup I got that time.   Service was good. I came early and waited for my friends for around half an hour, and the wait staff didn't bother me as I waited and took up a table, even as they started to get busy. Our water could have been refilled more, but that's my only complaint. The waitress split our bills up by person (there were four of us), which was really nice.   There are better restaurants in Bethesda! 	2.0
1196	raku-bethesda	2013-09-08		My rating of 3 stars has to do with several issues - the prices are high for the size and quantity of sushi you get, the restaurant is loud, and the fish was so-so. Coming from New York and New Jersey, I'm not impressed.   Though for DC standards, this place is fine, the thought of spending 50% more and getting half as much nagiri sushi that is less in quality is difficult to stomach.   My personal experience with the service was great though. And having no reservations, my party and I were able to sit right down at the sushi bar.   All in all, if I get a craving, I'll probably come back, but there is much improvement that could be made! 	3.0
1197	raku-bethesda	2013-02-10		"Great great time here. We had a maki-fest, going with four choices that filled up our hearts and stomachs with endless joy:  We had the aspara-avo-q roll, crunchy tuna, red dragon roll, and volcano roll. Not a one disappointed. They were served up in a beautiful assortment, all tasted as fresh as you could ever hope for. Honestly, I think you could get any random mix of sushi and be pleased. The list they have available is long, and you'll find something fun and delicious you haven't had elsewhere.   The bar also had Van Gogh's double espresso vodka - we could see the dark brown vodka smiling at us from across the room, standing out amongst the cookie cutter bottles (i.e. the ones not adorned by a master painting from a renowned artist), but neither our waitress, or surprisingly, the bartender himself, knew what it was. I had to get up and point to the bottle before they got it. Nevertheless, the drinks were delicious and well worth the hassle. This aside, the service was great.  The only downside is the way they pack you in tighter than the poor tuna we devoured so quickly. Seriously, there is no more than 2 inches between the tables. My date had to have people at two different tables stand up for a moment just to get into the ""inside"" seat, the one with another diner sitting immediately behind you (I took the outside seat like a champ). Very uncomfortable setup.  Also, for the guys, be aware of the bathroom situation. Apparently, the men's room door has trouble staying unlocked, and the staff frequently has to jimmy it open with a knife. I stood there doing my pee-pee dance for a good five minutes wondering what was going on in the bathroom before someone saw me and opened it. While she went to work on the lock, I couldn't help but stare nervously at my date (who was waiting for the women's at the same time) at the thought that we were about to bust open the door on a poor, unsuspecting bathroom-goer. Thankfully, disaster was averted, I did my thing, and we went on our way. It was a nice date, and we'll definitely be back. "	4.0
1198	raku-bethesda	2011-12-10		After remembering the long lines from our last visit, we came right at 11:30 to indulge ourselves after some unsuccessful Christmas shopping. After reading a tip from FourSquare that the Deluxe Bento was plenty for two people -- we decided on that, plus the Roasted Mushroom &amp; Asparagus appetizer. The bento had a lot of food and we probably could've skipped the app.   ROASTED MUSHROOM &amp; ASPARAGUS - $7.50 Warm appetizer of roasted shiitake and portabello mushrooms, asparagus, asiago cheese, and Yuzu vinaigrette. Pretty good, and more than enough for 2 people.   DELUXE BENTO - $17 Tuna, salmon, and shrimp sushi (1 pc each); California roll (3 pcs); Tuna, salmon, whitefish sashimi (2 pc tuna, 1 pc salmon, 3-4 thin pcs of whitefish); Beef tenderloin w/ sauteed spinach and mashed potato salad; Seaweed salad on a bed of shredded cabbage &amp; greens; Shrimp and various vegetable tempura; Miso soup. Haha, now do you believe me this is definitely shareable between 2 people? :) The deluxe is a great choice if you like variety. I love bento :)  Service was ok - like last time, they do try to rush you at the end which is understandable with the line of people waiting inside. 	4.0
1199	raku-bethesda	2015-04-19		Had dinner at Raku late Saturday night. Was packed. Clearly business is good ! The California rolls were average as was the coconut curry noodle soup. The most disappointing was the time it took for them to serve us. And the rather unwelcome waitress. I have seen them do better in the past. For business to stay good they need to fix a couple of things. 	3.0
1200	raku-bethesda	2013-12-31		"On a Monday night, the place was packed, so definitely popular, and they seem to be trying, but the place is so cramped that if you are sitting near an aisle, you're going to have someones a** in your face if they are trying to get by a waiter or another patron.   If the food was worth it, I'd be happy to accept it as part of the ""atmosphere"" but the food seemed rushed, not a lot of flavor and even the salmon sashimi was meh, didn't taste bad, but just kind of there. No kids menu, but they were able to bring a grilled chicken breast for our 3 year old and the waiter was very good engaging with him.   May try it again, but it seems pricey for the quality, they charged for milk refills for our son which I've never had happen. "	2.0
1201	raku-bethesda	2013-09-12		Lunch is a rush-time, dinner's way more relaxed ... like a completely different restaurant, the atmosphere changes so much between one meal and the next -- why, it's like day and night! (Ha ha.) People are nice, place looks really good, and please don't miss the bathroom! De-sign-er. I really like that I can choose either rice or the far more unusual shredded raw white radish as a sushi filling instead. It's neat to have that choice. Tea comes served in a metal pot, which makes it seems somewhat ceremonious and more important, the way it ought to be. I enjoyed my ginger pumpkin soup and so did my friend who ordered the same ... I think it's got to be one of the healthiest places to eat on Woodmont Ave. -- not to say it isn't worth coming in from elsewhere for it! 	5.0
1202	raku-bethesda	2014-08-26		I LOVE THIS PLACE! The hostess (Milly I think is her name) is so cute and friendly. She knows me by name! LOVE HER! The food is amazing! I usually get the nigiri sampler and the crunchy spicy scallop roll. My roommate loves the california, crunchy spicy tuna, seabass and volcano rolls. She really loves eating all the ginger as well. The sake is really good! Overall, EXCELLENT food, service and atmosphere! I LOVE SUSHI! 	5.0
1203	raku-bethesda	2015-07-28		I am a super fan of Japanese food having lived there for the past two years. Being back on US soil I have had some difficulties finding authentic Japanese chefs that prepare the dishes the way they do back east. Coming in at lunch time when its kind of busy isn't too bad per say, but be prepared for a bit of crunchy attitude from the spicy waitresses. To be fair, I ordered a dish that included shrimp and imitation crab, when I realized that I made sure the waitress knew I did not want shell fish and that I had an allergy. First round, my plate comes over and there is a beautiful shrimp and imitation crab in my California roll looking up at me. I smile and explain I asked for no shell fish, Madame spicy with the spikey red hair assisted him in correcting. Round two, my plate came back with the imitation crab still on it, I smiled again and explained that although the crab is imitation, I can not eat it. This lady argued with me. Big no no in my book, but I kept smiling and apologized that I hadn't been more clear before. Next thing I know another waitress is replacing her and asking what else I might like instead. Wow. I'm happy to say that the food was good and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but I can do without the rudeness. Definitely ate up more of my lunch hour than necessary. Just saying. 	3.0
1204	raku-bethesda	2012-12-22		The Pumpkin ginger soup is a must have! It was amazing especially when it was freezing outside :) I ordered the deluxe noodle soup with egg noodles. It came with so much noodles I could hardly finish.  The only down side to all the items on the menu was price. The food was tasty but not tasty enough to justify how expensive everything was.  The atmosphere is absolutely cute tho. 	3.0
1205	raku-bethesda	2012-12-20		Tasty enough food, but not tasty enough to justify the price. Much better in the Bethesda area for the cost. Rolls were below average in size. Tuna tartare was unexpectedly good. Tea was $3 a cup, booooo.  Surprising amount of late teens/early 20's people dropping $35+ a head to eat here, appears a gusher of money was discovered during excavation for that new condo building across the street. Or they're still on their parents' dime, which is statistically more likely. Cut the cord, man. 	2.0
1206	raku-bethesda	2013-08-17		"Was taken here for lunch by coworkers on my first week of work at my new job. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of coming in with high hopes...and I am Japanese, from Hawaii, and studied abroad in Japan.  I had a sashimi bento lunch. The quality of the fish wasn't horrible, but it was just so weird because it was served with Chinese shu mai and a steamed green bean ""salad"" with CHEESE. CHEESE?! I do not want CHEESE with my SASHIMI. LIke I said, weird.  It was crazy loud, too dark inside, and no one was managing the crowd at the door, so we had to squeeze our way out when we were done eating. "	2.0
1207	raku-bethesda	2014-08-28		This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants. I come here at least once a week and am never disappointed. The tuna tartare is amazing, coconut red curry soup is fantastic, hangar steak lettuce wraps are delicious and my absolute favorite thing on the menu is their bread pudding dessert! I could lick the plate clean :) some waitresses are better than others but they always seem to make it work. 	5.0
1208	raku-bethesda	2015-03-20		Raku has the best service and food in Bethesda! We have been going there for years and have never been disappointed! They also get 5 stars for catering parties! 	5.0
1209	raku-bethesda	2015-03-19		Went in to see the NCAA tournament and have some sushi and the tv isn't working.  It evidently has been broken for 2 weeks.  Don't go here if you want to watch basketball and have some sushi.  I ended up leaving and going elsewhere. 	1.0
1210	raku-bethesda	2014-08-15		The food is fabulous which is why it's always jam-packed and the service is subpar. I could eat off of the table next to me if I wanted, that's how close they seat people. I am an enormous fan of the Crunchy Avo-Q Roll, it's to-die for. That's my order every time, 12 rolls of that deliciously crunchy creamy fabulousness. They need to work on space issues though, it was uncomfortable 	4.0
1211	raku-bethesda	2013-12-21		I went here last night with my boyfriend. He got the Thai Curry Bouillabaisse and I got the Deluxe Bento Box. Both were absolutely amazing. The broth in the bouillabaisse was to die for--good thing they give you a soup spoon to drink the rest with. There was a half lobster and generous portion of other seafoods.  The deluxe bento box was incredible, though I asked if it was meant for one or two people and our waitress said one. You could easily split it with two people and get an appetizer or something if you're both super hungry. Everything in the box was beyond amazing: tempura shrimp &amp; veggies, sashimi (so fresh &amp; good), a steak w/ mushrooms and veggies in an awesome brown sauce, a piece of fish in an incredible orange sauce, and a seaweed salad. I ate as much as I could, but was too full to eat everything--I was sad about that haha.  Definitely pricey, but if you skip alcohol, not too bad. I'd like to go back to try more of the sushi. 	5.0
1212	raku-bethesda	2013-08-13		This place has always been good. The sushi is fresh and the passion fruit limeade is really yummy. The butterfly prawns are really delicious, too. The service is inconsistent, though. Also the menu has not really changed at all within the last 7 or so years since I started going. Make sure you have a reservation - this place is busy. 	3.0
1213	raku-bethesda	2014-01-07		This restaurant has such a great vibe.  The food is great and reasonably priced. You'll get great service even if you sit at the bar. The drinks are always well made too. What I really like about this place is their consistency with their food and service. Most nights this restaurant is very busy. But it is easy to grab a seat at the bar if you don't have a reservation. We have tried different items on their menu and they have all been great. Always fresh and tasty. Favorite: Salmon toro, and Fatty Tuna (toro) nagiri. 	4.0
1214	raku-bethesda	2010-3-22		"If you like variety but don't want to order a bunch of apps, best value is to get their bento box for lunch. Their bento boxes are a little more expensive than Atlanta (which is where I'm from) but Raku's has not just more variety, the quality is better, and portions are generous, too. They also bother to spend a little time on the garnish, too.  I got the ""Salmon Teriyaki Bento Box"" for $12.95, which came with a good size piece of salmon (delicious), mashed potatoes (tasted more like mashed potato salad - yummy though!), cold sauteed spinach (good but a little salty), salad (good but probably the most boring among the group), cold portabello / green beans / fried wonton strips (my favorite among the sides), 3 shumai (ok but isn't shumai Chinese), California rolls (good), and Miso soup (good).  My sister got the ""Vegetarian Bento Box"" for $10.50 which came with the same cold portabello / green beans / fried wonton strips salad, soft tofu salad topped w/ seaweed (my favorite among her bento items), vegetable tempura (seemed like almost every veggie was represented!), vegetable spring roll (ok and like the shumai, this item seemed out of place in a Japanese bento box), cucumber avocado rolls (good), and Miso soup.   Between the two of us, we had enough leftovers to make one person's lunch the next day :) Service was ok - the lady wasn't too friendly and even though she was slow to get our ""to go"" box, she was hovering nearby to get our signed check even though we hadn't left the table yet.  If you come here for lunch, definitely get here close to 11:30am, esp. when the weather is nice outside. When we left, there was a wait outside. Parking is metered in a garage just down the street, and there are some cute shops to visit afterwards if you have some time."	4.0
1215	raku-bethesda	2014-03-08		so. their red coconut curry beckoned me back on this nipply night.... and the perfect accompaniment? fresh and freshly garnished sushi/sashimi. experience is very different and what used to keep me coming back night after night. host (must be the manager, i've seen him around forever) seated me very well, and i had one of two of the greatest servers that raku has ever seen: natalie. smiley, sweet, accurate, gracious and accomodating, i swear she made my food taste better! food was great: fresh items were fresh, neatly presented, flavors also on point. wish the sushi chef read the no ginger/wasabi mod, and wish the soup was hotter: was barely warm. WAS the end of the night, i'm sure they were exhausted and ready to go home but the great reception and awesome natalie who kept us swimming in hot green tea... 4.5 stars! can't wait to come back to perfection next time. keep it up raku! 	4.0
1216	raku-bethesda	2014-06-15		A lot of vegetarian roll options and delicious green tea ice cream. Nice atmosphere, too! Sushi was out so fast, but service was just OK. 	4.0
1217	raku-bethesda	2013-06-26		Came for a weeknight dinner a few weeks ago with 3 friends.  I shared the vegan corn chowder, a veggie sushi assortment, a crunchy avo-q roll, and a veggie futomaki roll with a friend (wow that sounds like tons of food right now).  it was all... OK.  The chowder was basically corn and bits of potato swimming in water (unseasoned, no creaminess, just.. blah).  The sushi rolls were all fine, but I find that veggie sushi is pretty hard to mess up or make spectacular. 	2.0
1218	raku-bethesda	2014-07-21		Food is very good! Edamame is out of this world! The New York Strip is very tender, along with the sauce it comes with. Yum! Would come back to this place any day! 	4.0
1219	raku-bethesda	2014-06-26		"So the food was decent, as well as the service. But out of nowhere they say they don't take Discover. There was no visible signage to let anyone know. So when we go to check out they say ""we don't take this card"". So we have to go out of our way and get cash back on a credit card which has a much higher interest rate. That, and having to travel to the ATM just to pay them. They need to get their stuff together. "	2.0
1220	raku-bethesda	2013-08-26		I am absolutely in love with this place.  Extremely friendly and attentive wait staff, REALLY great prices, DELICIOUS sushi, and probably some of the best potstickers/dumplings I've ever had.  It is definitely my #1 choice for Sushi in Bethesda! 	5.0
1221	raku-bethesda	2011-02-20		4.5 stars  This is a solid japanese fusion restaurant where we have never had a bad meal.  Items that I recommend are the chilean sea bass, grilled whole bronzino, pan seared Maine lobster (can get messy), deluxe bento box, and deluxe sashimi selection (make sure to request this with sushi rice on the side).  However, I always go to the specials insert placed inside the menu. Some of the goodies usually include an enticing entree/appetizer (i.e. live sea urchin or soft shell crab) and a sushi sampler with various cuts of fish that won't be found in your neighborhood sushi spot.  One gripe I have though is with the proximity of the neighboring tables, a little too close for comfort in my opinion. Sit at the bar in front of the kitchen, it is interesting watching all the chefs go about their business. 	4.0
1222	raku-bethesda	2014-05-29		Wow, fantastic dinner enjoyed by all and can't wait to return. I loved my tofu salad, sushi and edamame. My friend raved about her curry, spring rolls and her sister's veggie platter was beautiful. 	5.0
1223	raku-bethesda	2014-06-15		Loved the red curry soup and the ginger pumpkin. Great service too. 	5.0
1224	raku-bethesda	2013-06-11		Upon stepping in, the interior decoration is really beautiful. The atmosphere was extremely busy though and it was near impossible to get a table even though it was Sunday night! I think Restaurant Week was partially to blame for that.   My server and hostess were great. Friendly staff, despite how busy and hectic the place was so kudos to the staff! I think they might have been slightly understaffed though for the size of the amount of people going in and out.  I believe we tried the liver pâté, as our appetizer, which was delicious and beautiful plated. In addition, I ordered the eel roll and philly roll. Both were delicious, though could be found at other restaurants as well so I didn't think they were anything spectacular. We also tried the Jo Nigiri sushi assortment which was fresh and great quality.   Definitely worth coming back for if you enjoy sushi! 	4.0
1225	raku-bethesda	2013-06-28		This restaurant is always packed! Make sure you make a reservation! I definitely recommend coming here for lunch! They have great deals for lunch boxes, and sushi is fresh! 	4.0
1226	raku-bethesda	2014-02-22		Wouldn't consider eating Sushi anywhere else. Ever. Get the same thing every time. Tuna California, wasabi dynamite roll and Maguro nigiri. Pure perfection. Eat in or carry out. Awesome. Go. 	5.0
1227	raku-bethesda	2013-06-23		Had a wonderful teriyaki bento box for lunch at this hoping place.  The decor is lovely and done in an oriental motif.  The server was pleasant though a little rushed as the lunch hour got going. 	4.0
1228	raku-bethesda	2010-10-19		I've been dying to try this place out since (a) I love sushi (b) it has so many great reviews.  Came here on a Saturday night for dinner.  It was so nice outside that the wait to sit outdoors was somewhat long, but they had seating for two right away inside.  We opted to sit inside since we were hungry.  Started off with the Yellowtail Sashimi first flavor that came with sesame wasabi ponzu sauce and red onion-cilantro salad ($12.50).  Yum yum yum!  The sashimi melted in my mouth!  I generally do not like sashimi (I prefer nigiri), but this was tasty! Fresh and just delicious!  For our main course we had the Coconut Red Curry Noodle Soup with egg noodles and beef ($11),  the Philly roll ($7), and the Deluxe Spicy Tuna ($10).  More yummy-ness!  The rolls had fresh fish and vegetables, cut evenly...they were delicious!  The curry noodle soup was pretty good, but I was hoping for more spice to it.  The beef was pretty tasty, and the soup itself was huge.  Definitely enough for two people to share, or for two meals.    Our waitress was rather attentive and the restaurant is nicely decorated and is inviting.  I now see why people love this place.  I'd definitely go back, but I think next time I'll stick with the sushi! 	4.0
1229	raku-bethesda	2012-04-14		"Raku sushi is pretty solid!    A friend and I visited Raku sushi on a Sunday night.  We ordered several different rolls, which were quite filling.  I ordered spicy tuna and another roll.  The sushi was fresh and the pieces were large.  The spices and sauces were also very flavorful and ambrosial.  What more can you ask for?  The service is pretty good - I appreciated how quickly they re-filled our waters.  The place was busy, but we were definitely attended to in a timely manner.  The dinner cost a lot, but what else can you expect from sushi?  The only reason I give this place a ""4"" is that I think sushi is better when it's all-you-can-eat since you get a lot more for your money.  Still, Raku is great and I would definitely love to eat there again. "	4.0
1230	raku-bethesda	2013-05-13		idk if its cus i had high expectations but nothing stood out had the curry noodle thing which is HUGEEEEE! but it was just alright ordered some sushi and that too was just alright 	3.0
1231	raku-bethesda	2014-11-10		Spending a few days in Bethesda.  Tonight, we  stopped at Raku and ordered take aways. Very tasty collection of sushis and sashimis. 	4.0
1232	raku-bethesda	2015-06-03		Raku has good, reasonably priced food and is attractively decorated.  However, if you want consistently good service, Raku is not the place to go.  Although they have  many pleasant hostesses and servers, the restaurant lacks a strong, guiding hand in management.  The other night, I was the first person in the restaurant at 5:00 P.M.  The hostess took my order for two soups to takeout.  I waited 20 minutes.  The chefs had prepared my order immediately, but then put it on a low shelf without letting anyone know that it was ready.  They don't have a system to notify the server or bartender who places the takeout order when a meal is ready...A few months ago my server bailed on me.  He literally disappeared, later I discovered to do his setup work.  I asked to see the manager.  The servers refused to get the manager because he was in the stock room and they did not want to disturb him.  The hostesses are there to seat people.  There is no one there who is trying to guide the restaurant as a whole as one would see in a restaurant with the owner as host.  There is no way that the current manager ever had serving experience.  Also, they do not have a team approach to serving.  If your server is too busy or inattentive, you are out of luck.  Try to call the owner of Raku or find out his name.  The staff won't give you his name and Google didn't either. How about some accountability, a suggestion box, or an email address? You won't get indigestion from the food at Raku; you will get it from lapses in management. 	2.0
1233	raku-bethesda	2014-11-29		The sushi is pretty fresh, but rolls are smaller than your average sushi roll. Tables are EXTREMELY close. Service was fast but the seat arrangements spoil the entire experience. 	2.0
1234	raku-bethesda	2011-12-24		If you want a little taste of Asian fusion cooking with the feeling of being in NYC...skip the Vamoose and make a reservation to Raku...You won't be disappointed!  Any place that reminds me of being in the west village of NYC gets an extra star and Raku pulls that off...tight quarters, great decor, bustling, high energy, people waiting (jammed in the entrance--make a reservation), cold air rushing through every time the door opens, a busy bar, and perfectly executed cooking...some may like that, others may hate it.  You either get it or you don't.  Some of you may tell me to put down the bottle...but how the names of Chefs Homma &amp; Ballogdajan aren't mentioned with the likes of Matsuhisa, Morimoto and Vongerichten is beyond me...Raku is pumping out 1st Class Asian Fusion cooking!  It's all about flavor...and the combinations and vibrancy in the flavors at Raku shine through.  The Pumpkin Ginger soup was sweet with just enough savory...The sea bass was cooked to perfection in an amazing tomato, ginger, miso sauce that you never wanted to finish.  The tuna tataki pizza was crispy thin crust, shaved tuna, cheese and a chili sauce that worked like you wouldn't believe.  Sushi was on point, wine and service was good enough...you get the idea...  I've eaten here many times over the years, but dinner a few weeks ago (for the first time in a long while), really reminded me of why I love this place. 	5.0
1235	raku-bethesda	2012-8-17		"some of their food items are actually on point. their coconut curry (shrimp/udon) is amazing. their sashimi is delicious and fresh. rolls are good. their green tea is perfect. but their hosts/hostesses are morphing into these robots. the job of the host is to do that. host. it isn't just about looking at a list and multiplying the count by 10min per name and giving you the total. it's about looking around and using your head. it's about knowing how turnaround works. and it's about being welcoming to your guests. saying ""i know it's pretty busy tonight but we will get you a table as soon as possible! would you like to try a yummy cocktail at the bar?"" or ""i know that you must be hungry and it may take a little bit but i promise it will be worth the wait! would you like to take a peek at the menu so you know what to order?"" ESPECIALLY said with a smile would make me wait patiently for half an hour. but treating me like a disposable napkin looking at me with derisive disdain? you can't make me wait the time it would take to walk over to the table. it's a shame because when you look around, there is probably enough staff to provide five-star service (no pun intended). and yet they take a very decent product and flush it down the tank because they mess up from minute one. instead of a half-block walk from home, i'll drive and get my sushi elsewhere."	2.0
1236	raku-bethesda	2012-04-08		"I called for a dinner reservation for 3 a day beforehand, just in case there was a crowd.  It was a beautifully warm day in March, so the patio area was open; probably why there wasn't a wait that night.  We were seated right away and ordered our drinks shortly afterwards.  I ordered one of the cocktail specials they had for March Madness, but it ended up being wayyy to strong for me.  I just set it to the side, not wanting to be rude and send it back, and kind of hoping someone else would drink it for me.  Surprisingly, the nice waitress noticed that I hadn't touched my drink when we were almost half way through our meal, and offered to get me a different one with no charge for the original.  I opted for a beer, since those are neutral territory.  I was really impressed that she would even offer, and even happier that she really didn't charge for the first drink.  We ordered a few dishes and just shared them all, family style.  The pumpkin soup was pretty tasty (I'm a really a big fan of the whole squash family, so I may be biased), just a bit weird to find at a Japanese place.  The dragon, raku, wasabi dynamite and volcano rolls were all pretty OK.  nothing great, but good.  All in all, Raku's a very ""modernized,"" but not a bad place to eat if you're around the area.    (btw, we were the only asian people in the whole restaurant, not counting the people who worked there.  i think that says something in itself...) "	3.0
1237	raku-bethesda	2009-10-07		"PUMPKIN ALERT: pumpkin-ginger soup <a href=""/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftweetphoto.com%2Fdjyjatzs&amp;s=c1e2d86cee9587e859c4b367f0a3960096f08ff37dc5906f1ebfcae9f0496a19"" rel=""nofollow"" target=""_blank"">tweetphoto.com/djyjatzs</a> - it's a must-have. Piping hot, creamy, pumkiny, gingery soup topped with croutons and pumpkin seeds.   I much prefer coming here for lunch rather than dinner. Their lunch specials never let me down- between the soft-shell crab tempura bento box to the katsu curry - there's always something amazing on the menu. Even just their regular bento boxes make me happy. And their unsweetened peach iced tea. HUGE fan. "	5.0
1238	raku-bethesda	2014-11-11		Love the seaweed tofu salad and the udon noodle soups. Everything here is fresh and delicious. Well worth the price and the crowds. Amongst a lot of half-full restaurants in this area, Raku is always crowded. 	5.0
1239	raku-bethesda	2013-07-10		I'm a big fan of Raku (both the Bethesda and Dupont locations). I have never been disappointed in the food. The flavors are always good. The kind of food they do could easily veer off into oversalted territory, but they keep it in check. If they are offering the tuna flatbread when you go, get it.   Where they occasionally trip up is service. It's always friendly, but sometimes a bit slow. Usually, I chalk it up to the fact that they're always super-busy.  A reliably tasty bite to eat when you're in Bethesda or Dupont. 	4.0
1240	raku-bethesda	2013-03-04		It is so hard to find sushi anywhere as good as Raku's! Trust me, I have been searching. Their menu is such a perfect fusion balance. I go for the sushi, but love the dumplings and other appetizers as well. The Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll is my all time favorite. And I love how the rolls here aren't too big. They are the perfect size and fish to sauce to rice ratio. Everything is fresh and the service is pleasant. I've been eating here for years and have never found a place that compares as far as well rounded with delicious cooked food and fresh sushi. 	5.0
1241	raku-bethesda	2014-04-07		I was very disappointed in Raku. I had called several days in advance to make a reservation for a birthday. When we arrived, they had not saved us a table. We had to wait 20 minutes. I spoke to the manager and she was unapologetic and did not try to fix the problem. Additionally, there was a hair in someone's food. Really Raku? That's embarrassing. 1 star and I will not be returning. 	1.0
1242	raku-bethesda	2013-09-08		The food was amazing! I suggest getting their soft shell crab starter, and their sushi is subtle but sublime, especially their toro. Had great service, will definitely be coming here again soon!  Even though the reviews might be lower than most would claim try-worthy, you should definitely give this place a chance. 	5.0
1243	raku-bethesda	2014-01-06		Dear Raku,  Your food is great (for Bethesda), and your servers are sweet and professional. I do have some recommendations for the New Year:  1. It's time to update your interior. The cushions on the booth seats are looking tired and need to be replaced.  2. The menu and cover are also worn and tattered and need to be refreshed.  3. Please don't charge me $2.50 for a bowl of white rice. That is an insult.  Thanks and love.  P.S.The lemon basil sauce is delish. 	4.0
1244	raku-bethesda	2011-07-20		I just can't stay away from Raku.  It is now my favorite restaurant in Bethesda (next to Jaleo).  The bento boxes are a popular item here so I had to try the chicken teriyaki.  It was good but A LOT of food.  You can expect some leftovers.  Personally, I believe the noodle soups are the way to go.  You get a choice of meat (or tofu with veggies) and noodle (egg, udon or soba).  Egg noodles are my personal favorite.  They have a regular chicken based broth soup and the red coconut curry soup.  Both are great but I LOVE the red coconut curry soup with tofu and veggies. I give it 5 stars.  AND the soups come with a little salad.  The ginger dressing on the salad is amazing- best ginger dressing I've ever had.  You will leave full and satisfied for $7.50. 	5.0
1245	raku-bethesda	2013-03-24		SERVICE-attentive, prompt and helpful when needed, nothing above and beyond  but I don't need overbearing at my sushi joint  FOOD-good quality sushi, have yet to try other dishes; good saki and Asian beers but the wine list is okay, I'd go other places for a nice glass of vino   ATMOSPHERE-busy, bustling, close proximity to your neighbor and very loud; at 9:00 pm on a Wednesday it's mostly full  OVERALLY-a notch above one's typical sushi and will definitely be back 	4.0
1246	raku-bethesda	2012-01-25		My partner and I decided to return here, because I had really wanted to try the Red Curry Noodle Soup that everyone ordered during our last visit. Good thing I did, I was pleased! Mind you this is not an authentic Asian place, but definitely a great Asian Fusion kind of place. I really like the Tuna Tar Tar here, and I thought my soup was excellent. The broth was super tasty, and the bowl had a generous amount of Seafood and Veggies! Mmm! I ordered it with the Yellow Egg Noodles, which I thought were decent. Not the best noodles, but pretty good. My partner ordered sushi again, and everything she had was very fresh. I thought the fish selection was delicious here. I don't know about the special rolls, but just the basic Sashimi, Nigiri and basic Maki Rolls are good here.  The service is A-OK. They weren't extremely busy, but pretty steady yet very hard to get the attention of. After struggling to get the server's attention the first couple times, she made an effort to pay attention to us more which was fine.  I definitely would come back for the soup and sushi! 	4.0
1247	raku-bethesda	2012-09-26		Right after my first visit, I wanted to come back already. After eating here twice, I made up my mind about it. Both times I arrived shortly after nine on a weekday and both times it seemed pretty lively. Someone recommended the coconut red curry with noodles which was good enough for me to order during my second visit as well. My friend asked for rice instead of noodles for the curry which they do. Sushi: we ordered spicy tuna deluxe and red dragon sushi, both were ok-good - a good Asian-fusion sushi fix but probably not the best quality. Sake, on the other hand, was a perfect touch to the rest of the spicy (not too spicy) meal.  I'm not sure how the restaurant compares to others in it's surrounding area but in my opinion, a solid 4. The food is decent and environment is nice, there's outside seating when it's nice out, but after coming twice, I don't think I would frequent often or go out of my way to come. Street parking can be a little difficult also. 	4.0
1248	raku-bethesda	2013-01-06		In order to have the best sushi in Bethesda, you must make a valiant effort.  Thankfully, Raku stepped up to the challenge.  Service is fantastic.  The menu is extremely awesome with a wide selection of sushi.  We tried the tuna spareribs.  It was interesting and also delicious.  As for the sushi itself, it's nothing short of mouth-watering.  They have great rolls, sauces and soups.  If you are a Bethesda-ite, this is your best bet for sushi. 	4.0
1249	raku-bethesda	2014-03-08		We ate here today with Henya and Yuval after meeting them while walking along the crescent trail. It was a gorgeous spring day after a long, snowy summer, so we decided to end with a lunch in Raku. I ordered pumpkin ginger soup, which was exceptionally good, and a bento box, which was very good. When we wanted to order dessert, we were told the restaurant was closed.too bad. 	4.0
1250	raku-bethesda	2012-12-27		Great sushi and drinks.  I was really impressed with the quality and variety of the sushi here, and the appetizers were very good.  The staff seemed a bit overwhelmed though and they were very busy.  They could probably use a few more servers. 	4.0
1251	raku-bethesda	2012-12-10		I took my wife here for her birthday. We tried the sushi and split a curry noodle soup bowl. The portion for the noodle soup was huge and VERY delicious! We also ordered something else.. but I forgot. I'm guessing it wasn't that great since it wasn't memorable. The sushi was fresh and delicious.. but that curry noodle soup tasted yummmmmy! I would go back there just to get another bowl of the noodle soup! Delicious! 	4.0
1252	raku-bethesda	2013-08-07		Awful..  1. Service 2. Attitude 3. Unwrapped chopsticks 4. Taste  Not recommended at all.. 	1.0
1253	raku-bethesda	2014-09-12		I love Japanese food and find that Raku offers a great variety for all tastes. It is also a very healthy choice. 	4.0
1254	raku-bethesda	2013-01-13		I live in the area so this makes Raku a no-brainer.  The sushi is fantastic but a bit expensive (on par with the area).  The deluxe spicy tuna is always my go to.  The coconut red curry noodles are the best thing on the menu.  You get a huge bowl (I always have left-overs) and it's the perfect dish for a cold day.  The down-side is that it can get really busy on the weekend and there is no room to wait for a table.    Overall if you're in Bethesda and looking for sushi-this is the best bet. 	4.0
1255	raku-bethesda	2014-01-20		Great food good service the only issue was our red wine was served to us way to warm. The waitress put it on ice for us and was wonderful 	4.0
1256	raku-bethesda	2011-3-7		3.5 stars  I thought Raku was good!  I ordered the spicy tuna roll, which was NOT SPICY AT ALL (grrr!) and the tofu and vegatble soba soup.  The soba was delicious and filling.  Next time I am just going for that and skip the sushi.  Add in some spicy stuff and TADA- amazingness in a bowl.  Also, for the soup, you get to choose between 3 different types of noodles (including soba and egg noodles).  I love the customization aspect.  My friends ordered the Bento Box which offered a nice selection of different things.  The teryaki chicken looked awesome as well as the salad and veggies.  I was tempted to try this but unless you are down to eat some shrimp and other fried things, this may not be for you.  The service was decent... maybe a little slow but I came during a busy time.  I had to wait about 20 minutes for a Saturday lunch table so it may make sense to make a reservation during busier times.  I would come here again.  Very pleased.	3.0
1257	raku-bethesda	2011-1-26		Please note: This is Asian-Fusion and yes it is catered to Americans. With that being said, don't expect authencity when coming to these kinds of restaurants!  My girlfriend brought me here one night for our anniversary dinner, and fortunately it was during restaurant week! Yay!  The restaurant itself is pretty small and tight when it comes to the 2 person tables. If you're in a party of 2, expect to be sitting right on top of the other parties of 2 and hearing multiple conversations at once, except for your own that is. They were able to seat us immediately, but didn't allow us to sit at a more spacious booth (even thought we intended on ordering lots of food) in claims to having reservations. After being seated and ordering, we confirmed there were no reservations. They just wanted to fill up the tiny tables first. However, in the end all the boots were eventually parties of 2 with smaller orders. Blah, lost one point for that.  Service:  As for the service, our waitress was attentive and very helpful. The food was served promptly and we never had our waters half empty.  Food:  My girlfriend got the $30 restaurant week special which included:  Seaweed Salad Tuna Tartare Sushi &amp; Roll Combo   The Seaweed Salad was pretty large in size, but only really drizzled in Seaweed. I  thought the salad and dressing itself was delicious, however would have personally liked more Seaweed. The Tuna Tartare which was good, and a bit too nutty for our liking. But the fish was fresh and very delicious. It barely needed any sauce as it was naturally flavorful. That's a plus.   For my meal, I was unsure on whether I wanted to try the Coconut Red Curry Noodle Soup, or just Special Rolls. I ended up going with the Special Rolls, however towards the end of the night I started to regret my selection. Boo...   I ended up ordering:  Corn Meal Crusted Fried Calamari  Horse Radish Cocktail | Cilantro-Cucumber Sauce  Red Dragon Roll - Salmon | Eel | Avocado | Cucumber Roll | Spicy Tuna | Serrano Pepper | Eel Sauce  Double Salmon Roll Spicy Mango Miso Sauce  Cooked Salmon | Grain Mustard | Avocado | Celery | Cucumber Roll | Fresh Salmon | Dill  The Calamari was delicious, soft and not chewy. The Cilantro-Cucumber Sauce was amazing! YUM! Out of the rolls, I thought the Red Dragon roll was the best. Again, don't get me wrong the fish here is absolutely delicious and VERY fresh. I just didn't feel the double Salmon Roll was very delicious, based on the combination and sauces they used. The cooked Salmon was also overcooked and not worth it.   I would like to return here at least one more time to try the Coconut Red Curry Noodle Soup. It looked like a winner this night and absolutely gorgeous! I must, I must try it.  Additionally, I'd like to save some room next time for the dessert. I am pretty sure I saw a humongous Mochi being served around me. I am determined to try this as well along with the soup! :)	4.0
1258	raku-bethesda	2013-07-19		"Meet has been warm, not as fresh (stay away from the dumplings and the shrimp Spring rolls - fishy), and the restaurant  is it loud and crowded! Many times of packed with families and the restaurant is loud without crying and screaming children! People can't seem to help themselves from overhearing your conversations.  I feel so uncomfortable sometimes I either stop talking or try talking in code.  How's that for dinner conversation?  Same vice versa, you can't help but hear everything about your neighbors and their lives!  Like you don't have enough to deal with - not to mention when my hubby and I dine just the two of us - they pack us on those tables of two like sardines.  My husband is a tall and fairly big man at 6'2"" and about 260 lbs that's a difficult feat in itself just fitting in between the tables!  Not to mention we will have just waited anywhere from 30-45 minutes for that tiny table!  Service is terrible, and we constantly have to flag our waiter /waitress - in fact we put our whole order in as soon as we are seated to avoid having to hunt down our waiter/ waitresses.  At times I can't even get my sodas refilled!  All in all if this particular sushi restaurant wasn't in downtown Bethesda Proper it would have been out of business a long time ago!  Just telling it like it is.  Cheers! "	2.0
1259	raku-bethesda	2014-08-17		I wouldn't be able to speak to the food because I called for take out, and when I tried to ask a question about a menu item, I was put on hold with a irritated tone from the person that answered the phone. So sorry to bother you, Raku -- I'll take my business elsewhere thank you. 	1.0
1260	raku-bethesda	2011-05-09		Great appetizers, mediocre entrees, meh desserts.  Appetizers and enjoyable outdoor seating only thing pulling this review up to three stars.   From our three-course meal the appetizers were the star of the meal.  My Korean galbi ssam was flavorful and tender meat though sloppy to eat with the lettuce wrap (though this is my first time eating ssam - it's supposed to be sloppy, no?).  The husband's grilled octopus salad was delicious with perfectly grilled, tender octopus.    The husband was satifsfied with his sashimi platter, and the chef did a good job making substitutions for some fish he didn't care for.  My roasted duck was tasty but the dish was plagued like a lot of restaurants where they put too much jus/gravy/sauce on the plate to drown out whatever good flavors were there in the first place.  Desserts were tasty yet not too memorable.  Mixed drinks were well made, though the sake flights were not worth the effort.  The tasting didn't have the brews listed in the menu, and they had more of a kick to them for what you pay for.  Ambiance can be loud on he inside but if you get an outdoor seating spot it's for the most part quieter and better for people/car watching.  Service was alright.  The waitress was SLOW in bringing our stuff and was absent for most of our meal.  It look longer than normal to get each course.  Not a bad deal for trying out this place during Bethesda Row Restaurant week earlier in the spring.  Nevertheless I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here. 	3.0
1261	raku-bethesda	2012-08-15		VERDICT - To be honest, skip it.  PROS: Portion Size (unless you get sushi), Trendy Ambiance (could be a con, slightly overcrowded and extremely loud)  CONS: Portion Size (if you get sushi), Service is hit or miss (was fantastic at lunch, couldn't have been worse at dinner), Value - sorely overpriced for what you get  TBD: Food is hit or miss - need to be careful with what you're ordering here as some of the items lack flavor and sometimes freshness  REVIEW: My wife and I recently moved to the area and wanted to come here due to the great reviews and the fact that it was always crowded. I wasn't thoroughly impressed the first time we went (lunch) but my initial thoughts were confirmed when we returned for dinner. The hostess and waiting area were disorganized and over crowded. After getting seated over 30 minutes later, we were waited on by a server who didn't take our drink order for almost 15 min after we sat down and failed to check up on us until I flagged her down for the check (the food was delivered by other servers).  Food itself was hit or miss, my wife is vegetarian and she loved the seaweed salad and the spicy avo-q roll. I had mixed feelings about my food though, I started with the ocean spring roll and felt it lacked flavor and was a bit too oily (even for a spring roll) and got the red dragon roll (the one with serrano pepper) as my entree. The red dragon was seriously disappointing as it was completely bland and had no heat from either the spicy tuna or the serrano peppers. The fish quality was so-so as well. To be honest, I did enjoy the soba noodles with chicken in the tokyo dashi broth when i had it for lunch...but dinner didn't impress me too much.  Overall, I don't see what all the hype about this place is. The food wasn't bad but I've had better quality sushi for much less. 	2.0
1262	raku-bethesda	2010-08-20		"I was all prepared to be hatin' on this place.  Yes, I'm a judgmental snob, but everyone has their foodie pet peeve.  For some, it's anything that is non-organic or non-local.  For others it's the plating.  For me, it's a absolute disdain for fusion restaurants.  There are many things wrong with fusion restaurants in my book.  For starters, stick to a cuisine and GET IT RIGHT rather then slam together two incompatible flavors and pray that it'll be hip enough to catch on.  Secondly, if I wanted schizophrenic food, one of the voices in my head can go ahead and cook it.  Finally, most fusion restaurants draw pretentious hipsters and yuppies like racoons to a trashcan.  While I still hate everything there is about fusion restaurants, Raku-An is a perfect example of how ""fusion"" can be done right.    Although it's Asian Fusion, the foods are predominately Japanese, with slight ""twists"".  The flavors are powerful, yet complementary.  A great example of this, is their Plum Wine Sangria.  I admit to being skeptical, however, it was fantastic and a great concept!  I highly recommend the Seoul Train roll for those who enjoy kimchi (it is without a doubt, my husband and my favorite roll here!) - just enough kimchi flavor to be ""yum"", but not enough for your date to run screaming when you lean in for that kiss later.  The seaweed salad is a mixture of the traditional seaweed salad, tossed with greens, cucumbers and a slight drizzle of carrot ginger dressing.  I looked at it askance when it first arrived, but the flavors really blended well together and was quite enjoyable.  The tuna tartar is magnificent, light and refreshing with a very light touch on the sauce and seasonings, so that the natural sweetness of tuna came through.  I've been here twice, and both times I was so busy with shoveling food into my mouth, that I didn't have time to go off on my rant about why fusion restaurants will be the downfall of society.  Also unlike many fusion restaurants, the service here has been impeccable.  The first time we came, it was an hour before closing, but the server took as much time with us as if we were the first diners that he had all night.  The second time, the weather was great, and we were seated outside.  Although it was a beautiful and busy Saturday evening, and the table next to us were a pair of ladies who were vegetarian/vegans, but wanted to order off the Bethesda Restaurant Week menu (insert eyeroll here), our waiter was unfailingly polite, prompt and checked up on us often.  I overheard some of his conversation with the table next to us, and he was wonderful at helping them come up with alternates and solutions (not that the two ladies seem to appreciate it).  My only real complaint about the service is about the hostesses.  The first time we came, the hostess couldn't seem to make up her mind if she was going to seat us or not (admittedly, it was an hour before closing, so I can understand her dilemma).  The second time we came, it was on a Saturday, and we wanted to sit outside, and were told that the wait would be 30 minutes, but to check back in with her after 20.  When I checked in with her at the 20 minute mark, she told me that tables were being cleared off now, and just please wait.  We watched as 3 tables were cleared off...which she promptly gave away to other diners.  I went to check in with her again, and she seemed completely confused as to why we weren't seated, and promised that the very next table would be ours.  However, when 5 minutes later, a table was cleared off, she again gave it away to someone else.  At this point, both my husband and I were getting upset.  Another table opened up, and we approached the hostess.  The other hostess (seemed like she was in training) was about to give away that table as well, when the hostess that we had been talking to, tells her to seat us.  The second hostess begins to argue with the first hostess, but fortunately the first hostess insisted that it was our turn.  Very confusing and not very organized it seems.  However, despite the fact that the hostess stand is a hot mess, and the this is a fusion restaurant, I have come to love Raku-An and highly recommend it for dates or group outings.  If the weather is nice, definitely sit outside - believe it or not, it's quieter then inside. "	4.0
1263	raku-bethesda	2014-07-25		I'm new to the Bethesda area, but every once in a while I treat myself to some of their udon. It never fails to cheer me up. The broth is delicious and the noodles are cooked just right. 	4.0
1264	raku-bethesda	2012-03-25		Seriously? Yelp failed me this time. Girls night out was planned for this location when we saw all the great reviews. I'll keep it short and simple:  1) Make a reservation but know it's not guaranteed =)  For the volume of guest traffic, they need to place brighter people at their host stand.  How come we had to wait 20 minutes for a table when we had a reservation? How come you don't keep your promise of holding the table for us if I called in saying we would be 5 minutes late? And when the first 4 seater opened up, it went to a group who came in after us? Listen to me when I call. Use your noodle a bit when seating people.  2) You call this sushi??   Sushi rolls were fugly looking. The presentation was...wait, there was none. They rice did not cover the nori. They did not tighten the rolls because there were plenty of gap inside the roll. The cut was messy making the edges jagged and each piece uneven.  Not just sushi chef, but all chefs who give a poop about their dish will put in effort to make it look presentable. The rice was falling apart just by being dipped in the soy sauce. Rolls were small and the taste was mediocre.   3) Everything else  Tuna tartare was delicious but with three pieces of bread how can you scoop the entire chunk?? Here is where they try to upsell you with $1 for more bread. We ordered house sake to help down the sushi. I'm not a sake expert, but I noticed it  lacked flavor from every other hot sake I've had.   4) Service   Our waitress was friendly and helpful. However, service starts from the moment you pick up the phone and walk in the door.   I would not come back here. Raku is not worth the hassle of Bethesda parking and long wait. 	2.0
1265	raku-bethesda	2013-10-29		Decent lunch box for great price. Dinner is overpriced but it's Bethesda. The guy at the front could be really standoffish but 	4.0
1266	raku-bethesda	2010-11-10		When I'd missed the Yelp cigar event in Bethesda, I shoulda just gone home disappointed instead of rolling the dice.  I'd been to the old Raku in Bethesda, and I'd never been impressed, but this was obviously a different place...  The good news is that I won't make the mistake of walking in to Raku with friends on a night out in Bethesda.  The bad news was the food and the staff.  I had no problem getting a seat at the sushi-bar, and my order was taken quickly enough, and my food arrived quickly... perhaps too quickly.  I've eaten in Korean restaurants where none of the staff smiled, but this is Bethesda, and it's not that kind of place, and I just don't like to eat in a place where the staff looks like they're in pain.  Then there's the food.  I'm glad that I didn't order much, and so far I'm okay, but I like the sushi in Federal government cafeterias better than what I had tonight.  I love ankimo, and I always order it when I see it on a menu, but I didn't know that it could be prepared in such apparently mass-produced blocks as to resemble a mild, not very soft liverwurst.  That slight firmness would have been better in the yellowtail roll, which felt like the fish had been through the bass-o-matic.  I'm also a big uni fan, but the uni tasted like some sort of beginner uni-light, i.e. none of the low-tide sweetness that good sea urchin can have.  I've rarely spent so much on a meal that I found, in spite of low expectations, so disappointing.  Will I return to Raku to check out other dishes?  I won't? 	2.0
1267	raku-bethesda	2013-09-30		"Not many entrees on the menu, so we ordered appetizers, small plates, and sushi rolls.  The duck small plate was ok but more of a sample than what we would call a ""small plate."" The ginger- pumpkin soup was outstanding though! So good I almost bought some to go...  :)   The chicken and pork dumplings were delish as well! Our rolls were good, but Ive seen the rolls elsewhere where they looked much more appealing.  They did taste good though! Our waitress was busy, but checked in on our table occasionally. "	3.0
1268	raku-bethesda	2011-03-16		"The whole japanese fusion just makes the restaurant sound more fancy but i didn't think the food was indulging.  The egg rolls were very unique.. never seen it come with that special orange &amp; green sauce at any restaurant.  They are worth trying.  My shrimp crunch roll was so below average.  Is that because it wasn't a ""specialty"" roll?   The bento box doesn't come with rice.  That is the strangest thing. I don't care how fffffff-ing fusion you are, I need my damn rice.  The ribeye in the box was pretty dry &amp; chewy too.  The service was paranoying.. is that a word?  No I guess not because I have the red dotted lines under the word right now.  You will see a person who I guess is the manager because she's dressed differently from the others.  She stands with the servers and tells them to check up on this table &amp; that table with her pointy finger.  I see the server running to the table asking the most general question, ""Is everything okay?""  The lady gets me paranoid. "	2.0
1269	raku-bethesda	2010-12-21		Raku is one of my favorite restaurants in Bethesda.  I think it's best for lunch as there is such a huge difference in the price for dinner.  Also, the lunch bento boxes are amazing and far better in my opinion than the dinner entrees.  The Chicken &amp; Pork Dumplings are the best dumplings I've had in the US (only rivaled by Ippudo's bite sized dumplings in Tokyo).  The pineapple flavored sauce is simply incredible and the dumplings are cooked to perfection.  I can't go to Raku without ordering them.  I believe the best bento box is the Beef Tenderloin Tataki Bento.  It is a great combination of mashed potatos and steak with the Asian fusion.  The steak is quality and always cooked perfectly.  Something funny is that the Dupont location doesn't have this bento on the menu, which is definitely a shame. 	4.0
1270	raku-bethesda	2014-05-23		Its a decent sushi place but not the best ever. However, you will certainly pay as if it's the best ever. $$$$$$ Just about everything is at premium prices here. Just not worth it when there are the same type of places down the street and around the corner. Typical Bethesda restaurant with inflated prices. Good for people watching. 	2.0
1271	raku-bethesda	2013-06-17		Creative menu, fresh selection. Can be a little cramped inside. Overall my favorite in Bethesda. 	4.0
1272	raku-bethesda	2013-10-05		"Lunch was good but the waiter really did not want to work, and in order for us to understand it, just let all the miso soup and the soja sauce on my wife. When asked if he will reimburse the dry cleaning, not feeling concerned, he just said ""yeah bring me the receipt"". "	1.0
1273	raku-bethesda	2011-11-30		HIGHLY-westernized Japanese food at a solid value, especially for Bethesda! Had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon with some friends.  I ordered a glass of wine (yes, that's how we roll, no pun intended) and an unagi (eel) bento box. My friends also got bento boxes, one veggie and one got salmon. All of them came with miso soup, green salad, some variety of sushi roll, rice, tempura, and the main course. Mine was delicious and at $12 or so, a real bargain!   FYI, Their warm mushroom salad, though it completely tastes Italian rather than Japanese (witness the Parmesan shavings) was surprisingly delicious - truly a must try.   The service was fine and the place is nice enough for a quick meal, though it's a bit on the cozy side from what I could tell (we were seated near the bathroom unfortunately). All in all, a solid choice if you happen to find yourself hungry in Bethesda. 	4.0
1274	raku-bethesda	2012-04-04		This is a really good Japanese restaurant in the heart of Bethesda. The food is pretty pricey but you'd expect that if you're grabbing dinner in Bethesda. The food is really good but I wouldn't say its unique in any way. I really enjoy the curry tonkatsu that they ONLY serve during lunchtime. It's a good place to take a date but it does get quite crowded sometimes. Get Natalie if you can, she's a great waitress! 	4.0
1275	raku-bethesda	2013-03-01		Food and service not longer justify the outrageous prices, unless you're trying to impress someone by going to a fancy sushi place/Japanese restaurant 	2.0
1276	raku-bethesda	2012-05-23		Had the Sashimi bento box. $14 for miso soup, salad, portobello mushroom green bean salad, mini wontons(?), california roll, tuna, salmon, and yellow tail sashimi. A lot of quality food for a reasonable price. 	4.0
1277	raku-bethesda	2012-06-19		I love this place! The sushi is very good, however I wish the portions were a little bigger. The coconut red curry soup is outstanding! I highly recommend sharing with one or even two other people because this oversized soup bowl is nearly impossible to finish. Lots of variety of sushi and an authentic atmosphere. Definitely make reservations! 	4.0
1278	raku-bethesda	2012-9-2		Fantastic sushi but a little pricy. The place is a little cramped but worth a trip for the food. Try the Maryland roll.	4.0
1279	raku-bethesda	2007-8-3		After being spoiled by the tremendous sushi in San Francisco, now here in DC for a while, Raku is the highest quality sushi restaurant I've found, especially outside of the woodley/dupont area. Just wish it wasn't as expensive so I could eat there on a more regular basis. Not only is the sushi fresh and delicious, but their special rolls are always a great delicious surprise. Their tuna tartare is excellent, and so is most of their non-sushi fare, especially the chilean sea bass and duck. I was dating a vegetarian for a while and she loved going with all their veggie rolls and other options. Call in advance for reservations, its always packed, which can sometimes be a drawback if you dont have a booth and want more of an intimate dinner with someone.	5.0
1280	raku-bethesda	2010-09-07		I'm a fan of good food and large portions. The Raku Deluxe udon noodle met the latter but not the former.  The noodle dish has plenty of chicken, beef, and a couple tempura shrimps. The shrimp was the best part. However, the broth, which is the most important part of this dish, is rather bland. It tasted like it was vegetable broth, which makes business sense for making it versatile for vegetarian dishes, but it was quite bland without the meat flavor.    On a positive note, the outside seating was quite nice and the bathroom sink was certainly unique. 	3.0
1281	raku-bethesda	2011-10-22		This is my favorite restaurant in Bethesda! I used to work right down the street from Raku and would frequent the place! Thinking about their food makes my water water!   The Good  ~Food is amazing! Gazpacho in the summer, pumpkin-ginger soup in the fall....AMAZING Udon in curry....really great sushi. I can go on and on, the veggie bento box, the garden rolls....yyyuuummmy The ginger sorbet is one of my all time favorites!   What could be better   ~Can get crowded between 5:30pm and 7:30pm and place is small ~It's a pricey, but sooo worth the taste! If I give it 5 stars 	5.0
1282	raku-bethesda	2013-08-19		This place is one of my favorite places in Bethesda to eat. It has great food, and the service is excellent. I would recommend making a reservation because most evenings it gets pretty packed. Overall, I would recommend the sushi and dumpling appetizer, they are both on point. 	5.0
1283	raku-bethesda	2012-04-24		"Raku has its pluses and minuses. Its packed tight and congested. The food is good and some of their dishes are very good, some are so so. We wen Saturday night, restaurant week special.  We had no reservations, where told a half hour wait, went next door to the Mussel bar and had a beer, came back in about half an hour and where seated in five minutes. I had a grilled shrimp salad, very good, a schist (six pieces) sampler, also very good ordered a soft shell  road as an extra, not very good, it had little flavor and was soggy.   For the main course I had a ""stake in some special sauce. I asked for medium well, it was under-cooked but OK. I should have sent it back but service was a little slow.  Phyllis got the Banzini which is her favorite. She said it used to be better.  All in all Raku is Raku. I rather go to a less pretentious sushi joint, especially for the price.  Its OK but I think overrated. "	3.0
1284	raku-bethesda	2010-05-25		One of my favorite restaurants in Bethesda...and I grew up here, so that's saying something! I pretty much always get the same thing: Raku Roll (eel and avacado) and Crunchy Shrimp with a seaweed salad. The crunchy shrimp roll is what got me and my best friend hooked and kept us coming back! I can never resist it!  Also, the poached pear in caramel sauce is far and away one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life.  If you're not into sushi, there's a huge variety of bento boxes, soups, noodle and fish dishes to try. For me, I just figure why fix something that's not broken haha...Crunchy Shrimp roll will make me happy every time.  The service is also very reliable...and the staff must be fairly happy working there because there are at least three waiters/waitresses who have been there since it opened a number of years ago.  Really great place, the only drawback is that it gets crowded because it's so popular and delicious. If you're a party of two, you can usually get seated pretty quickly, but don't try to walk up with a four or six person party on a Friday night and expect to get a table in under 30 minutes. 	5.0
1285	raku-bethesda	2012-11-20		"This is our go-to Asian-food craving establishment (mainly because it's so close to our house.) I will be honest and say that this isn't exactly authentic Japanese/Thai/Sushi/etc HOWEVER it is delicious nonetheless. We live in Chevy Chase, and unfortunately there are only a handful (if that) of Asian restaurants within walking distance (other than Sushi-ko, which is OK.) For this reason, the closest alternative to walking is a short drive to Bethesda Row for our sushi/udon/octopus fix. The ambiance is beautiful, despite the cramming of several tables in such a confined space. The service is ALWAYS accomodating and friendly and food is yummy. As I previously stated, definitely don't make the trip here if you are seeking authentic sushi or Japanese dishes as most of their dishes have been modified to suit American palettes, but they have done a great job in doing so. They're noodle soups are super flavorful (the Red Curry with Udon noodles are our favorite) and their sushi rolls are equally as tasty (even if the ""special BBQ Sauce"" isn't exactly a specialty found across the Pacific.) Their very generaous portion of their Fruits de Mer appetizer with various seafood in a citrus-u/vinegar-y sauce is also super yummy.  In short, your trip here will be an overall positive one long as you leave your pre-judgements at home regarding authenticity, and don't mind being slightly crammed into close quarters. Just keep an open mind and your tastebuds will be be happy :) "	4.0
1286	raku-bethesda	2013-03-17		This is an overdue review but I came here with a friend about a month and a half ago for Bethesda restaurant week. The restaurant week menu was just okay I'd say, kind of disappointing they didn't at least have their pumpkin soup on there, but it did have a decent variety of choices from Japanese to American style dishes. Other than the assortment of nigiri, which was by far the worst!--dry and NOT FRESH, the salmon tartare, NY strip, and baked apple dessert were all pretty good. An overall satisfying dinner, though I'd come here again just to try their pumpkin soup, and get it with one of their steaks, which, according to this nice old couple who were seated next to us (who told us they were frequentters of Raku), 'go absolutely perfect together'. 	4.0
1287	raku-bethesda	2013-07-08		Really good sushi.  Always crowded.  We almost always get take out. 	5.0
1288	raku-bethesda	2011-12-21		The service was great, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and y'know what...I even liked the miso soup. Quite a bit, actually.  I love sushi. I mean LOVE sushi. And so after seeing the reviews, I really was excited. I was disappointed. The sushi left much to be desired. I wasn't a fan of the philly roll, the cilantro kind of threw me off and the after taste was just not my cup of tea. I did enjoy the spicy crunchy avocado roll - that was different and delicious. spicy crunchy tuna and shrimp tempura were also quite good, as was the volcano roll (kind of) - not the best I've had, but decent enough after some holiday shopping right next door.  I probably won't be back. 	2.0
1289	raku-bethesda	2013-03-29		Had lunch.  Rude waitress and hostess.  The food is ok here and other visits have been better so maybe it was just a bad day for them. 	2.0
1290	raku-bethesda	2013-08-15		Had Raku for lunch today with a friend, and I'll say that it is the most consistently good sushi in Bethesda.  The service is good.  But more important, the food is always fresh.   We had about 6 different rolls -- everything from spicy tuna to Seoul Train to Double Salmon -- and all were excellent.    The sushi is very very good.  Don't expect to be blown away, but it's highly unlikely that you will be disappointed. 	4.0
1291	raku-bethesda	2013-04-19		Love this place!  It's pretty much always crowded and you are on top of other diners but the foord is awesome.  I always get the Roasted Mushroom Asparagus appetizer and the Crunch Tuna Cilantro Roll. 	4.0
1292	raku-bethesda	2011-06-01		"Raku Sushi in Bethesda has high quality sushi and many low-cost options!  I love good sushi.  But then again, I can say, ""I love good (insert any type of food here).""  Ms. Classy and I visited Raku in Bethesda a week before and since it was a date, we didn't break out the cameras and take notes (that really kills the date mood - as Ms. Classy informed me on a couple of occasions).  However, she was out of town this weekend, so I decided to return with my notepad and camera dusted off (it HAS been a while since I've posted, hasn't it?) and ready to sit down and do some serious eating.  The day was warm and I was quite hungry, so I started with a Sapporo beer.  My empty stomach combined with my low alcohol tolerance gave me a nice buzzy feeling while waiting for the waiter to return for my full order.  To start a sushi dinner, I like the seaweed salad or edamame.  At most places, these are fairly small portions that are not meant to be shared.  At Raku, the seaweed salad seems high at $7.50, but there's plenty to go around.  It was a large dish, which sufficed as an appetizer for two.  The edamame was nice and tender.  I prefer it with a little salt, which is how it is served at some places, but not here.  Oh well, nothing stopped me from adding it myself.  I chose one of my favorite beers for out-door warm-weather dining, a cool and light Sopparo.  I think it's one of the best drinks for a warm, sunny day.  For the main course, there are two rolls worth highlighting at Raku: the Crunchy Spicy Tuna ($6) and the Wasabi Dynamite Roll ($8).  The touch of cilantro in the Crunch Spicy Tuna roll, aside from the satisfying crunchy texture and the spicy zip, makes this roll a must have.  The Wasabi Dynamite Roll comes with a combination of three fish (tuna, salmon, and yellowtail) with wasabi-flavored roe.  It's not as spicy as the name suggests, but I really enjoyed the flavor and texture of the roe along with the cool, savory fish.  For a third roll, if you like your rolls smooth, simple, and creamy, try any of the Ava-Q rolls using whichever fish you prefer.  One thing I really like about sushi (besides the yumminess) is the control you have over your final bill as opposed to most other cuisines.  Oh sure, you can break the bank with multiple specialty rolls, but if you choose carefully, you can have a nice meal without having to recalculate your budget.  You can get a smorgasbord of simple rolls or go with one specialty roll with a simple roll on the side.  Ms. Classy and I usually do the latter.  If you need to watch your wallet, this is not the everyday place to hit, but it's a nice place to bring a date.  You'll enjoy the quality of food and the penny-pincher inside all of us will enjoy the wide variety of rolls $6 and under.  -Someone of the male gender who does not like to spend a whole lot of money on things "	4.0
1293	raku-bethesda	2013-03-17		The sushi is really good and you can never go wrong here.  The only thing I don't like about this place is due to the spacing, it gets too cramped when there is a full room. 	4.0
1294	raku-bethesda	2011-12-23		shopping and desperate for some lunchtime eats, we stumbled in here. at 1p on a weekday, it was PACKED. figuring this many people knew something special, we waited the 10 minutes for a bar seat.   not sure if it was worth it. the sushi special ($28!) had fresh buttery uni, salmon and yellowtail, which, as my faves, was worth the wait, if not the price. weirdly the salmon and yellowtail belly (?) had been seared on one side, making the texture oddly dry and cardboard-like.  the cornbread calamari was perfectly fried. I KNOW why get the calamari at a japanese place, but it's a good thing we did. because the veggie &amp; tofu noodles was completely tasteless. HUGE portion, but the broth was completely devoid of flavor. 	3.0
1295	raku-bethesda	2009-06-21		I finally got to Raku-- people have been telling me to eat here since August. The wait is always too freakin' long and I can never get a reservation...but last night, I had others wait for an hour while I popped in at the last second- gotta love that!  I actually don't see what all the hype is about in terms of the sushi. The couple I was with said the soup is excellent but I was already sweating (it was HOT and crowded in there) so I decided to pass on that. I ordered a Maryland California Roll (cali roll with real crab meat), some edamame and a salmon avocado roll. The salmon/avo roll was TINY and the salmon was hard. Sushi-grade salmon is supposed to be buttery-melt-in-your-mouth goodness and I could barely eat this. The Maryland California roll was decent but could have used some spice on the meat.   The two rolls, edamame and a glass of wine was about $30.   I'd be willing to try this place again for the other dishes people rave about (tofu lunch box, Chilean sea bass) but never again for the sushi. Matuba is right around the corner and their sushi is WAY better and cheaper. This makes me want to go back and give Matuba another star b/c I was docking them for all their other weirdness rather than the food.   Anyway, if you want good, quick, no-wait sushi in Bethesda, I'd pick Matuba over Raku. Even though it doesn't have the ambiance and trendy-factor, the fish is better and that's why you go to eat sushi- right? 	2.0
1296	raku-bethesda	2012-03-31		The first time I came here was the exact moment I discovered that I had a food allergy.  Only a bit too late x).  Still, I managed to finish the dish before I was rushed to Suburban haha!  The strength of Raku is in it's consistency to deliver quality fusion cuisine.  Fish is as fresh as you'll get in Bethesda, meat entrees are always cooked exactly the way you request, and the presentation of the sushi dishes is always creative (hello #instagram)  Dishes you must try on your visit:  1. Salmon Carpaccio  (my favorite) 2. Red Dragon Roll 3. Uni (Sea Urchin-FRESH) 4. Tako (Octopus) 5. Ikura (Salmon Roe.  Reminds me of Nemo's siblings-probably not the most agreeable image)  They are very busy on Fridays and Weekends from 6:00-9:30.  Reservations can't be made during this prime time so allot at least 30 minutes wait time prior to seating.  The atmosphere is tumultuous and energetic, the patrons are either entire families or adults pushing their 30s/40, and if you're a party of two, the seating is an intimate experience of personal space-bubble sharing.  For those couples out there, it's a great place to have a date.  There's enough background noise to keep those awkward silences at bay (if you're not much of a conversationalist) and yet it's easy enough to talk over.  The waiters/waitresses are amiable and willing to help advise you (ask, they know what's good on the menu!) and since it's an older crowd, many will probably manage a smiling glance at you two, reminded of their former days of youthful unabashed love.  Have fun! 	5.0
1297	raku-bethesda	2011-12-03		This restaurant was good. Not the best sushi i have had but definitely a cool spot for a late dinner date. When my fiance and I went it was super busy so we had to wait a while for a table. Typical downtown Bethesda sushi spot. We had the white wine sangria which was pretty darn good and the Butterfly Prawn was our appetizer. Also pretty good. The sushi was delish but, I expected a little bit more pizzazz..I think people like this place more because of the trendy setting rather than the food. 	3.0
1298	raku-bethesda	2011-03-20		This place had the BEST edamame I've ever had! I asked our server what made them different, he said they're not regular edamame, they're chamame edamame. They have so much flavor, without tasting salty, and they don't even need soy sauce! I can't believe I'd never tried these before. I'm now on a hunt for all restaurants that serve this!  The sashimi bento box I had was pretty good, and they were nice about accommodating my request for only salmon and tuna (no whitefish). The salmon was great but the tuna was just ok, mostly because it was too tough to chew. I liked all of the stuff that came in the bento, there were a bunch of things! Most of them were pretty interesting, too, not just the typical bento box selections. Not sure if the bentos are just on the lunch menu, but I was a little bummed they didn't have any less expensive lunch specials. The quality was pretty high, though, so it makes sense.  I like the ambiance of this place, very classy, but the tables are basically right on top of each other (I live in NYC and deal with this everywhere, but in the 'burbs I guess I expect a bit more space!). Our server was nice but didn't make himself available unless he was needed. Waters were always refilled, plates were taken when they needed to be, overall the service was fine.  I would come back here just for the edamame! 	4.0
1299	raku-bethesda	2012-10-14		Love this place and go there quiet often with my folks. Fresh, delioscious sushi , my favorite appetezire in the world salmon and apple carpaccio to dye for, try out salmon toro nigiry and the crunchy spice salmon. Passionate fruit lemonade is just perfect.  Tel lme where  else you can get a huge ( at least for me and I am sure for any other person with modest appetite) bento box + miso ( usually I get sashimi bento box) for $14???  Highly recommend this place 	5.0
1300	raku-bethesda	2013-02-23		Pretty good lunch place, crowded so they must be doing something right. The food was good, the table was small and uncomfortable, but that's kinda typical of the genre so no complaints. I'll go again if I come back to Bethesda. 	3.0
1301	raku-bethesda	2012-02-20		You have to try the salmon green apple appetizer, really original and flavorful.  I ordered the grilled ginger pork chop. And the part that amazed me wasn't the pork chop, but the vegetables came with it. There were carrots, pumpkin, cabbage, and russel sprouts. They were...AMAZING. And I generally don't like carrots and cabbage, but they had me at first bite....lol.   The pork chop was grilled in a perfectly sweet+salty sauce, just a bit overcooked. The portion was good, flavor was good, and the service has always been great.   I'd recommend this place. 	4.0
1302	raku-bethesda	2011-05-20		Aside from the fact that this place is noisy and you might as well be sharing your meal with your neighboring tables, I will go to Raku from time to time. Why? Because it is simply delicious. I had the pleasure of trying their Garden Summer Roll for the first time, and let me tell you, it was heavenly. The peanut sauce, coupled with the light shrimp roll was mouth watering. The sushi, per usual, was spot on. Raku is the kind of place that I can only go every once in a while, but when I do, I am rarely disappointed with the food. 	4.0
1303	raku-bethesda	2011-07-29		"Raku? More like Cracku!  Seriously, I'm still not convinced the ""crunch"" in their crunchy spicy tuna roll isn't crack cocaine, because it is TOTALLY addicting! When I lived in Bethesda I was dining here at least twice a week, Jeremy Piven style.  I love sushi but I'm picky about where I eat it because of, you know, the whole parasite thing. But it's clear Raku is a cut above the rest -- their fish is extremely fresh and the restaurant is clean. Get there early because both indoor and outdoor seating fills up FAST!  My top picks:  - seaweed salad (they flesh it out with mixed greens, but you can ask for all seaweed) - chicken nappa salad (has a pleasant, spicy mustard-ish kick to it) - shrimp and vegetable tempura appetizer - crunchy spicy tuna roll - any of the dragon rolls (I love the red dragon, personally) - red coconut curry noodle bowl (so delicious and comforting in the winter ... but don't wear white ... slurp slurp) - Princess Bamboo sake "	5.0
1304	raku-bethesda	2008-11-16		We frequent this asian diner because the location is convenient.  Also the hubs enjoys having choices in sushi/sashimi locations.  I tag along since I heart the boy and they offer a variety of 'warm' dishes.  I strongly suggest making reservations if possible.    I find it humorous how they always give me the sushi/sashimi plates instead of asking who receives what.  I'm still trying to 'appreciate' the raw deals but in baby steps.  I'm a fan of protein like most but my current definition of raw is 'medium rare'... not even near seared yet o_O.  Hubs had tasted their Tuna Tartare and Seaweed Salad many times before his raw delights while I have sampled their Chicken and Pork Dumpling along with the Corn Meal Crusted Fried Calamari.  We've had other starters/appetizers but these came to mind immediately.  While the better half had his fresh picks (he's into all the raw goods), I usually chose the Pan Roast Chicken Breast or the Strip Steak Szechwan Style.  I've tasted their noodle soups but honestly I don't remember which ones.  The Pan Roast Chicken Breast entree is tasty for the lemony basil sauce and the two sides which are the Thai-styled sauteed egg noodles and asparagus.  The sauce and asparagus are my faves in this dish.  The Strip Steak Szechwan Style has a tasty mildly spicy chili flavor with potato puree (paste-like - not mashed) on the side along with green beans (haricot verts).    They have a long menu with various choices that should satisfy each individual who visits this casual establishment.  You will be among the crowd.  Raku consistently attracts foot traffic. 	3.0
1305	raku-bethesda	2011-01-04		"It should be called Crap-Pu not Raku...  Is it just me or does Americans love Asian-Fusion cuisine?? Let me say one thing, I know Asian food... because I'm Asian. HA!  Well, the fusion thing they did is pretty good, I like some of their dishes.  But it;s too Americanized, I didn't get that ""Asian"" feel to it.  You can't really mess up sushi, except if you do too much with it, and they did a lot of garnishing and ""poof"" on their sushi. Sushi = rice, fish.  Service is not the fastest, it barely made my cut of ""acceptable"".  One thing I did not like is that the tables are too close together. If I wanted to have dinner with some strangers I would have gone to a bar.  3 stars from me. Thanks! "	2.0
1306	raku-bethesda	2013-04-25		This was one of my family's favorite restaurant since they opened.  I don't know if management changed, but their service is quickly diminishing.  It was never great service at the restaurant, but now, servers don't seem to care.  I don't know if food changed much, but when bad service is given, food always taste worse. 	2.0
1307	raku-bethesda	2014-02-17		"Raku has been hands down our favorite restaurant, for years!  The staff is very accommodating (esp. of children) and helpful.  If you have to wait much at your table, it's pretty unusual.  We love the cha-mame, (edamame), nigiri of all kinds, ginger pumpkin soup, dumpling soup and the large soup bowls.  Everyone loves the summer roll.  They have some non ""asian"" type meals for those who don't do Asian - a nice steak with heavenly mashed potatoes a lobster and salmon among other things.  Mostly, though, even better than the food is the fun and happy ambiance.  If you're not happy there... you're not happy anywhere. "	5.0
1308	raku-bethesda	2009-05-28		J'adore this place! The first time I went I had the waitress that looks like the costume maker from the Incredibles. (You'll know who I'm talking about.) She highly recommended the beef tataki and salmon teriyaki bento box. Both were delicious!  Everything in the box is tasty. The portobello, green bean, wonton, parmesan cheese and vinaigrette salad is such a treat.   I trek all the way up to Bethesda just for this food sometimes. 	4.0
1309	raku-bethesda	2011-08-13		Came here for a lunch date yesterday, and had mixed reviews. We were seated quickly as a party of 2 at 12:30pm on a Friday, so it wasn't a bad wait. We ordered two items:  1) Tokyo broth with egg noodles and chicken (~$8.50) A customizable noodle soup dish. The chicken-based broth was a bit bland, but I added the seasoning on the side to spice it up a bit. The chicken was nice and flavorful, and the egg noodles well-cooked. TIP: you can ask to split the bowl into two if you're sharing, and you still get nice, evenly-sized portions.   Options: Protein - chicken, shrimp tempura, beef, or tofu &amp; veggies Noodles - egg, sobu, or udon Broth - Tokyo (chicken-based) or the red coconut curry   2) Bento Box with Chicken Teriyaki ($11.95) I didn't enjoy this meal. True, it comes with huge portions: lots of chicken teriyaki, portobello beans, fried shrimp shumai, house salad, miso soup, and California rolls. The California rolls were dry and unflavorful. The chicken was extremely dry and tough to chew. The dressing on the house salad was just A-OK.  Overall, I might come back for the noodle soup, which I did enjoy. If you're looking for large lunch portions are an OK price, you should come to Raku-An. The restaurant has a nice, easy ambiance. I wouldn't return for dinner - the bento boxes are +$5 more expensive and the food not enough to warrant it. 	3.0
1310	raku-bethesda	2010-11-19		"Excellent all the way around! I go here for sushi when im at my place in Bethesda, Sushi is as fresh as can be and if you sit at the bar they will make you ""special"" rolls :) I like my spicy tuna roll special topped with cobia.  you would be a fool to overlook their full menu as well, I had roasted branzino (whole fish)the other night and it was awesome and i think an excellent value. As for the long lines, they are there for a reason (the food is good) As far a service goes, look this place is like eating in Manhattan. Its a busy place that has an excellent quality of food and the dishes are very nice to look at. Dont come here thinking you will be pampered because you wont, but they will serve you with a smile. You are paying 2 star prices for 5 star food   so get over your self and come eat good sushi at a cheep price. and yes it is cheep for what you get.   Banzai! "	4.0
1311	raku-bethesda	2012-07-20		If I'm in the mood for Japanese cuisine, this is probably one of the last places I'd go to satisfy my craving. Serving size is huge, which may be a plus for some, but I hate filling up on food that's just really not that great. On top of that, most times I've been here, its been so busy for some reason. 	2.0
1312	raku-bethesda	2011-09-19		Fantastic Sushi; great service; great location  I had a spicy tuna crunch roll; a spider roll; a tuna tar tar and a few other standard fare sushi items, during a business lunch there it was perfect - ambiance, food, company.  They are happy to custom make or alter your order. the freshness and quality of the food is obvious and the service is quick - keeping a lunch meeting right on pace. 	4.0
1313	raku-bethesda	2011-04-15		I just want to say that the entrance to this place is really badly designed. The hostess both is hidden and it says to wait to be seated at the bar. But there isn't anyone that pays attention to you enough to be seated. Anyways, I heard about this place and decided to go on a warm day, of course the wait was 30+ min for outdoor seating. We came back later and asked if they had any seating. We waited another 10 minutes and were finally seated. Ordered some sushi, and it was okay. I don't consider myself an expert, but been around to enough sushi bars to know what tastes good and was is mediocre. And the salmon sushi I had was mediocre. My friend's rolls fell apart before she even got it to her mouth. Sushi is okay, service is alright. Would I come back here? Probably not. 	2.0
1314	raku-bethesda	2011-03-03		raku is my favorite restaurant in the bethesda row area.  i love eating at raku for lunch outside on a nice day.   the food and service are consistent. my favorite items on the menu are the beef tenderloin bento box (only served during lunch), seaweed salad, healthy tofu salad, chicken and pork dumplings, and the udon.  the udon is really big. if you ask to split it, they will do it for you at no additional charge.   the sushi is not the best i've had but there are a few specialty rolls that i like to order once in a while.  my only complaint is the same as everyone else's. if you come as a party of two they tend to cram you inside the restaurant really close to your neighbor. in the winter it tends to get a little smoky inside too.  i recommend coming right when they open for lunch and if you come for dinner, expect a wait. it is a popular spot. 	4.0
1315	raku-bethesda	2012-08-09		"If you like grocery store sushi, this is the place for you. Let me give you the run-down: Arrived on time for our reservation (myself and girlfriend) and were seated within 8 inches of another table. This was not a huge deal, until more people showed up. Throughout our whole meal we felt like we were intruding on other people's conversation and vice versa. We ordered drinks, A beer (sapporo) and a ""vodka/sake"" martini. If that 9 dollar martini had vodka in it then I need to go to the doctor and have my tastebuds tested, because it was honestly the most underpoured martini I've ever tasted. We had to wave on our waitress EVERY TIME we needed drink refills, check, etc. She never once came over on her own free will. Now to the food: We ordered 4 different plates, around 30 rolls varying in style. I can honestly say, after living all over the country, that I have never payed so much for such crap sushi. I honestly feel like I could have gone to Giant grocery store down the road and gotten better sushi. It was plain, boring, unoriginal in presentation, and just all around blah. After paying our 51.05 for our below average dinner, and waving over our waitress for the umpteenth time, we payed and left. I do NOT recommend this place to anyone, and I will be telling everyone I know in Bethesda to avoid at all costs. Step your game up, this place sucks! "	1.0
1316	raku-bethesda	2010-09-20		Great place for rolls and different fusion-type asian cuisine.  Would not recommend for those who want traditional type sushi and sashimi... I loved the crunchy spicy tuna roll and Seoul train roll.  I love spicy rolls, so they really hit the spot.  The sushi was ok.  I've had better ones, but I loved their creativity and uniqueness.  The noodle entree we tried wasn't that great.  It was tempura with chicken...The soup was too salty, and didn't have much flavor to it other than soy.  There were so many other interesting items on the menu I wanted to try...will definitely go back and try others! 	4.0
1317	raku-bethesda	2013-12-06		The food here is delicious. I recommend the fruit de mer, its very well done with a great vinaigrette sauce. The sushi is very fresh and tasty with different herbs added to the fish to give it a unique taste. If you're not in the mood for Sushi, I would highly recommend the Chilean sea-bass. The service is hit or miss, and the place is packed on the weekends. I mean you are literally sitting right next to the table next to you unless you wait 30 min for a booth (which we always do). overall A+ for the food B- for the ambiance and service. 	4.0
1318	raku-bethesda	2010-08-16		EXCELLENT food. Almost impossible to get a table w/out a reservation.   Not to be confused w/the Raku in Dupont Circle area. They are not related and the Bethesda restaurant is the tops.  Love the healthy tofu salad. 	4.0
1319	raku-bethesda	2012-10-11		Their steak appetizer is incredible! It's got a hint of sweetness that compliments the saltiness of the steak perfectly! The tofu salad is OK. The sushi isn't bad.  A nice place for a more upscale datenight but definitely not the best sushi in town. 	3.0
1320	raku-bethesda	2012-10-02		i'm sorry - will never go to this place ever again!  arrived for an early dinner on a sat.. and just everything was a complete disappointment!  honestly i was so disappointed in this place.. i'm not even sure how this place has the positive review that it does!  ordered some plates.. which looked like someone threw up on (will upload photo)... a few rolls.. which i believe my 8 yr niece could do a better job..   just a joke of a place.. almost was embarrassed for them..   in MoCo.. if it's not yuraku, dont' even bother!  bethesda is trying but overall food is not up to par.. if you want sushi.. save your $$ and go to whole foods or even harris teeter. 	1.0
1321	raku-bethesda	2010-02-08		"I thought that this place was great! It was a cold day today, and in the aftermath of the Snowstorm of 2010 the girlfriend and I needed a good place to eat. After passing by this place for many, many years I decided to give it a shot.  The first thing we noticed was that it was really packed. I mean, yeah a lot of schools and local (and the federal) governments were closed, but for 1:40PM on a Monday there was a lot of business. Generally a good sign. After about a minute or two we were promptly seated.  The menu is pretty extensive, but its main focus is a variety of sushi. My girlfriend and I each ordered a dish of crispy sushi. This is basically sushi with what appeared to be basically tempura in it. She got the eel, I got the spicy salmon. Both rolls were great, although I was more partial to the salmon. There was just enough of the crispy stuff in there to give it some crunch without overpowering the flavors of the salmon, which was delicious.  But oh no! It turns out that big guys like myself can't be satisfied with just six pieces of sushi! So I decided to split an order of soup with my girlfriend. This was the Tokyo broth soup, with chicken and udon noodles. What's great is that they serve the soup in two bowls; it's definitely something you want to split with another person. The noodles were thick and tasty, but they could have given you more (I'm a noodle fiend). The chicken was great quality, and the vegetables were also nice complements to the meat. And the broth was just fantastic; I was slurping it up long after my stomach was saying ""NO MORE, NO MORE.""  And all of this meal ran only $23 bucks or so. It's now nearly five hours since we ate, and I'm not hungry at all (which is very rare for me). Congratulations Raku, you've just found yourself two very loyal customers. "	5.0
1322	raku-bethesda	2012-07-11		SO GREAT! The staff is friendly and seems to remember you - or at least are really friendly to newbies and regulars. I always get the Chicken Udon Soup, which is heavenly, especially on a chilly day. The sushi is great and the dishes are unique and very good. The atmosphere is fun and comfortable. Great place to go with family or friends - but not too big of groups because they have few big tables. 	5.0
1323	raku-bethesda	2010-06-27		Atmosphere: 3.5 stars There's nothing really fancy about the interior.  Nice lighting.  You can carry conversation at normal speaking volume.  Some of the upholstery needs repair.  Most weekday evenings finds Raku bustling.  Regardless, the place has a good vibe.  Service:  3 stars Some days, the service is on point.  Other days, it takes a little while to get the attention of the wait staff.  But it's not horrible.  Food:  4 stars Consistently fresh, quality ingredients.  That's crucial for good sushi/rolls.  If they had some more creative rolls, they'd get a 5 out of me.  Their pumpkin-ginger soup is delicious. 	4.0
1324	raku-bethesda	2012-06-10		Went here for bethesda retaurant week.  30 bux for snow crab soup, fettuccini salmon pasta, and steak.  The everything was pretty good overall, but I felt like it was too pricey even with the deal.  Would rather go to Benihanas happy hour. 	3.0
1325	raku-bethesda	2010-09-07		If it were only an Asian Diner...then I can get yaki soba or takoyaki  After several tries coming here...All that I can really say...is that it is moderately acceptable. Came here on my final time for a late lunch on Monday. It was crowded due to the Labor day holiday. You can tell the server was visually annoyed to have another table.   Food: We had the lunch special sushi platter. 12 pieces of nigiri for $26. Moderate pricing for this area. So, that's ok. What was frustrating was that the server when ordering never told us that there were some items that was exchanged since they were out of it. I specifically wanted Uni and the blue fin tuna. Did not get it. I asked the server about this and he checked with the sushi bar, but came back rather incoherently stating that some items were swapped out.  Now, one of the reasons why people do a sample platter is to experiment or have a variety. It's proper for a server to actually tell you what is on the plate. This did not happen.  Now, the sushi was of decent quality...was it the best. No, but for $26... you get what you pay for...actually, here I didn't...since, I didn't get what I initially wanted.   The miso soup and miso/ginger dressing was too salty and meh. Standard items really.  The dumplings that I had was also incredibly salty. The nigiri rice was moist, but flavorless. The ebi was not as sweet as it could have been. The seared tuna had a light sear and you can taste it nicely.    Service/Staff: Unprofessional, slow and lacked the ability to speak...English properly. Now, beyond that was he a good server. No, he was not considerate to give us the proper information regarding the change of sushi menu when placing the order and the bar made the change without letting us know. I eat sushi a lot. I write about sushi a lot. I would expect an Asian Diner in Bethesda to be more professional.   Price: Moderate for this area.   Return rate: I don't think so...even if they may be one of the few Asian diners with outtside seating.   Bottom Line: Servers come and go. But a staple of a good restaurant is consistency and quality in both food and service. This place has a long way to go. 	2.0
1326	raku-bethesda	2012-07-25		Got a bento box. Each little square contained a culinary concoction of unequaled quality. It ain't cheap, but worth it for a nice dinner out. 	5.0
1327	raku-bethesda	2010-09-17		Dinner at Raku last night:  Appetizer: Bonsai Tree Roll Entree: Volcano &amp; Rainbow Rolls for me, Raku Assortment Sushi dish for friend Drink: Hot Sake  I am a fan. Price was very resonable and the food was good. I didn't enjoy the Bonsai Tree Roll too much - perhaps my expectations were high but I did not expect an actual roll to come out as an appetitzer. It was good though. Good was very good and I would return for the food.  No complaints!  We sat outside, and it was perfect. We first opted to sit inside, but the tables are literally on top of each other and you have to pull out a table to get since the space between the tables are so small. Even outside, I heard every word of the people sitting around me. I would also expect that it gets very loud as people are so close to one another. For that, it gets a three. 	3.0
1328	raku-bethesda	2012-08-22		Lunch on a Saturday is crazy.  The wait time is long but the food was worth it.  I can't say it's the best sushi in the area, but it's not too bad.  My family mainly ordered sushi.  It's quite fresh.. Portion is a little small but adequate, I guess, for lunch.  My kids always enjoyed the fried calamari - bite size, hot and crispy.  Services can be improved but it's hard during peak lunch hours. 	4.0
1329	raku-bethesda	2010-08-13		EXCELLENT Service. Came here for a lunch with coworkers -- they were extremely courteous and the manager(? i think?) came out to tell us he was pushing tables together to accommodate our big group -- wait was less than 10 minutes despite it being their lunch hour and very busy. They are on top of things.  The waitress was great, too, she dealt with our large group and separate check request and some nit-picky requests with absolute grace.  Thanks, guys. 	5.0
1330	raku-bethesda	2007-09-24		Tasty appetizers, pretty good sushi (I was especially impressed by the Korean tuna roll, which has kimchee and spicy sauce in it), and very friendly and speedy service. So why only three stars?   Well, for one thing, all my sushi was decent until I ordered toro. It was the worst toro I'd ever had. What kind of a sushi place doesn't know good toro from bad toro?  Second, I'm just not crazy about any of their entrees. They aren't bad, but aren't particularly good either. Just... eh. There are too many other sushi places around (Tako Grill, for one thing) that consistently deliver.  I'll still go back, especially since Raku has outdoor seating and it's quite pleasant in nice weather. But it's not a favorite. 	3.0
1331	raku-bethesda	2013-07-26		come here all the time, sushi is very fresh and delicious 	4.0
1332	raku-bethesda	2010-07-14		This place is great.  There are 2 other locations in DC but they can't match this one both in the freshness of the ingredients and the quality of food.  Sushi is great, and the BBQ skirt steak appertizer is really yummy. but the real winner is the Wok-charred Miso Glazed Chilean Seabass.  I believe that this dish should be illegalized the way Wal-mart was banned from NYC to protect the businesses.  This seabass puts all other seabass dishes from anywhere to shame.  If more people know about this seabass, all the other restaurants in the US might as well take the poor yet delish little fish off of their menus.  After a break up, a divorce, or a wedding, this will make everything all right again.  It has been proven to cure depression.  There also have been reports that it may cure cancer and AIDS.  Anyone should at least go try this chilean seabass once in their lifetime before it gets banned.  This is the Walmart, the Maldives, and a girl's youth of Bethesda.  I reckon that it will disappear soon. 	5.0
1333	raku-bethesda	2010-06-26		What they lack in creativity, they make up with quality ingredients. Very good selection of veggie rolls (that taste good).  It's true, the seating process could be improved, but it's tasty sushi on Woodmont Ave right across from the theater. All the decent restaurants are crazy busy. 	4.0
1334	raku-bethesda	2010-06-11		This place is tiny and crowded.  I've been here a few times but never on a week day.  We told the host that there were 2 of us and he asked if we wanted a seat at the bar.  I said no but we will get a drink at the bar.  He then proceeded to say that was fine but we would have to leave if there are others that want to eat at the bar.  I didn't remember him writing our names down and decided to check 5 minutes later.  He didn't remember talking to me and said he didn't put our names down.  I was a little irritated by then and told him he just talked to us and now there are like 3 more people ahead of us.    We got seated shorty after that but I thought the whole organization of the restaurant was horrible.  We had 4 rolls and the seaweed salad.  Seaweed salad was yummy and I loved the dressing.  They were out of the lobster rolls but didn't tell us until later, right before our food came out.  The other rolls were alaskan crab roll, double wasabi dynamite roll, rainbow roll, and spicy crunchy tuna roll.  I liked the alaskan crab roll the best.  The rest of the rolls were just ok.    I'll probably go back there again to try their other dishes.  We saw what some of our neighbors ordered and it looked so good.  It was a salmon dish.  Next time I want to try that or the chilean sea bass that everyone's raving about. 	4.0
1335	raku-bethesda	2010-07-30		Raku is soooooo delicious! Anything you order will be fantastic! The sushi ( quality of fish) excellent.   The Wasabi roll, Salmango are my recomendation because they offer different flavours with perfect balance that you cant get anywhere else.   The Pumpkin Ginger soup is rediculously good and i don't even like pumpkin nor do i ever order soup in a restaurant!  To top it of you have to try the banana's foster! Yum  Your evening won't be a dissapointment. Prepare to wait for a table about 20 -30 min! Or reserve ahead of time 	5.0
1336	raku-bethesda	2010-11-15		This was our second visit to Raku.  First the positives:  Sushi (good), sea bass (very good) and a noodle dish (good).  Prices aren't cheap ($20-25 for entrees, $8 for a glass of wine), but not unreasonable for Bethesda.  Now the negatives: Slow service on a Saturday night (it was busy, but 20 minutes to ask if we wanted anything to drink?) The hostess was unfriendly, and our waitress appeared disinterested. It would have been nice if she asked 1)did we want our water glasses refilled or 2)did we enjoy our meal.The restaurant is crowded and loud in the evening.  We were seated near the front of the restaurant, and were surrounded by people waiting for tables at 8 PM.  The cramped setting and less than attentive service would have bothered me less if our bill wasn't $120 for four.  So, my feelings are mixed.   The food was good (3-4 stars), but the staff and overall setting weren't (2 stars).  Raku thus receives a very weak 3 stars.  Would I go again? Probably not.  There are other restaurants in the area where the food is as good/better where I've felt much more welcome.  One other warning.   If you're driving, parking in Bethesda on a nice Saturday evening is a challenge. Most municipal lots are filled by 7 PM.   Allow 15-20 minutes to search for parking. Nearby private lots charge 4-5$. 	3.0
1337	raku-bethesda	2010-09-14		Poor Customer Service!  There is definitely a lack of communication at this restaurant.  We arrived at 2:45pm on Labor Day Monday.  Hostess seated us outside.  We asked the waiter for a drink menu he brought it to us, then it took him almost 10min to come back and take our order.  Once he returned we ordered our drinks then ordered the 12 piece sashimi from the lunch menu.  We were told that he wasn't sure if we could still order since lunch was over at 3pm. We said it is not 3pm and we woud like to order the sashimi special from the lunch menu.  We also asked if we could keep the standard menu in case we wanted to order a few more items later.  He said no because the entire restaurant closes at 3pm.  (so it wasn't the lunch specials that were over at 3:00pm, but that the restaurant CLOSES at 3pm!  My question...why would they seat us at 2:45 and not tell us they close at 3pm.  That made for a VERY bad start to our late lunch.    We received our sashimi order and it was supposed to include Uni as one of the pieces.  Uni is our favorite and we were very upset that it was missing from our order.  Asked the waiter and he said they were out of Uni and they substituted it with crab.  Okay...Uni does not = Crab (if you are an Uni lover, you'll understand).  Asked the waiter why he didn't tell us ahead of time they were out of Uni, and he couldn't say anything.    At that point, we ate our sashimi and left.  The only consolation was that the fish was pretty fresh, but it wasn't anything special.  I'll never go back.  I don't care if you have AMAZING food, if the waitstaff/hostesses and chefs cannot communicate with eachother, let alone their customers, it becomes too frustrating to eat there. 	2.0
1338	raku-bethesda	2009-05-24		Classy, upscale ambiance which is strangely paired with polite, quick service... if you can flag someone down.    We were rapidly sat on the sidewalk with such pleasant weather going on, but waited... and waited... and waited... yet no server came to our table to offer us drinks or to take our order.  Eventually, we just had to call someone over, and they were quick to help us out.  This particular afternoon, Raku was offering one of their lunch specials of katsu curry.  I haven't had the stuff since one of my last trips to Sushi Taro before it closed down for remodeling, and thought it might be a nice change of pace from all the sushi I'd been having.  Not a bad pick - deliciously rich curry sauce, crispy fried katsu served with a generous heaping of steamed white sticky rice.  Disappointingly, a couple hunks of the pork were almost entire fatty meat.  Not melty, delicious fatty.  More like tough, chewy fatty.  Not entirely thrilling, even if the flavor and the portion were quite on par with how I remember Sushi Taro's being.  I did have a sip of Alicia's unsweetened peach iced tea, and if I came back, I'd definitely order a glass for myself.  With the food floating just above a three and the service (including hiccup with not being tended to for at least five minutes after being sat) floating somewhere just under three, I think a round three stars is just about spot on.  Could definitely go up, pending improvements in taking care of customers in a more timely fashion. 	3.0
1339	raku-bethesda	2009-06-26		If you are a single named restaurant RAKU and throw in some foo-foo protein and have reasonable prices and quick servers you will be successful......Sushi Damo in Rockville has to get its learn on. :)  The bento box deal at Raku for $10-15 is the prob. the best in the area....  I got the Korean-style BBQ chicken box with all of the trimmings.....the California rolls could have been wrapped a little tighter but all in all a  very good deal with 6-7 items to enjoy and a delicious peach ice tea to quest the thirst.    On the patio in DC a little more relaxing than being squashed inside at the Bethesda location. 	4.0
1340	raku-bethesda	2009-08-20		Very happy with Raku last night, particularly their sushi.  Their menu definitely varies from the location in Dupont - I noticed some different sushi combos.  We shared a grilled squid app, which was tasty, served with corn, black bean, and mango.  Squid was cooked perfectly and tasted fresh.  I had a california roll with tuna (nice combo) and a yellowtail-scallion roll.  Good rice-fish proportion (not much rice), fish was very fresh - only small complaint was that the nori was just a leetle bit too chewy.  Nice outdoor seating area, too (watch out for the bees tho!) 	4.0
1341	raku-bethesda	2012-03-13		We eat here all the time.  You can't go wrong eating here.  We have never had a bad meal or bad service here.   When you eat out you want good food, good service at a good price.  I think this place has all of this. 	5.0
1342	raku-bethesda	2012-07-29		Raku does not disappoint!  This place has good quality sushi, unlike some other places.  The rolls and sashimi are always fresh.  Every time I have gone, there was either no wait or a short wait even when they are busy during dinner time.  Raku is probably the best sushi restaurant in the Bethesda/Rockville area.  If you are hungry, I would definitely recommend one of the boats! 	5.0
1343	raku-bethesda	2009-08-25		SETTING: Third visit. Mid-day.  SERVICE: Quick &amp;amp; Friendly  DECOR: Can I get some of the large paper Lantern fixtures to go? They would look great hanging above my patio.  ENTREE: 6 Avocado Sushi Rolls to go for lunch. Under $5 with tip. Yum.   VERDICT: You will see me again. 	3.0
1344	raku-bethesda	2009-08-17		I have visited Raku many times before this last visit. Usually, I partake in their very good, creative sushi (dragon roll is a favorite!). But this time both my boyfriend and I were under the weather and were excited to try their noodle soup to soothe our sore throats. We were not disappointed. We split the $12 udon deluxe Tokyo dashi broth soup. Deluxe means it contains an assortment of protein (beef, chicken and shrimp tempura) in addition to the slightly chewy, slippery udon noodles and various veggies. You can also order it with just beef, just chicken or just shrimp tempura. IT WAS DELICIOUS! The broth was not too oily, the veggies still retained a slight crunch and the meat/seafood was flavorful and a very good quality not often seen in soups.   The menu was slightly updated from my too-long-ago last visit with new appetizer options (we tried the ocean roll which was very good and came with a moderately spicy dipping sauce) and new sushi rolls (my brother raved about his Flying Dragon Roll!) and everything we tried was still as delicious as on my previous visits. Besides Jaleo, Raku is definitely the most worthy of repeated visits restaurant on that busy Bethesda street. 	4.0
1345	raku-bethesda	2012-12-02		"Have been coming here for years. Just had another phenomenal meal -- Haddock ""Hong Kong Style"" as one of their specials. Sushi is alway fresh and beautifully presented.  You couldn't have a bad meal here if you tried! "	5.0
1346	raku-bethesda	2012-06-16		Great sushi. Too pricey. Good decor. Nice ambiance. Long wait on the weekends. Parking is far. It's better if you go with a few people, or as a couple. Lack of indoor seating. 	3.0
1347	raku-bethesda	2009-02-11		"Girls night out is always fun =). This place was filled w/ lots of young professionals kickin' back and having a good time. I liked the fact that us girls can be ""loud"" without having to worry about other people shushing  us. Very casual and bright, with hanging lights and bamboo sticks on the walls.  The food wasn't bad at all. We ordered the Red dragon roll which consisted of salmon, eel, avocado, and some spicy sauce. For the appetizer we got mussels. Not bad. Wasn't fishy or anything. So that's always a plus for me. For our main entrees, we got the Tokyo Dashi soup Deluxe which included beef, chicken, and shrimp tempura. Very tasty. I picked egg noddles to go with it while my friend picked buckwheat noodles. Both tasted good and the broth was delicious. Not too salty, and not too bland neither. Plus they give you some kind of seasoning on the side that you can add at your discretion =P. My other friend got more rolls, wasabi roll and fried scallop roll. I didnt get a chance to taste it because I was trying to finish my soup - didn't get to by the way. In any case, this would probably be a 3.5, but our waitress kept coming back to ask if we were done and seemed to get annoyed when we weren't. Grant it, we were there for probably 1.5 hours, but it's not like they were waiting to seat people. I swear she asked us, ""Are you done with this?"" like 6 or 7 times... geez.  Bottom line: good place to get some good quick noodles. "	3.0
1348	raku-bethesda	2009-03-16		Came here last week for a birthday dinner. I thought it was OK. The food was good, service was OK. I felt kind of rushed though. I don't feel the need to come back. Not sure what all the hype is about. I'd rather go to Spring Garden on 16th street. 	3.0
1349	raku-bethesda	2012-02-15		Disappointing.  Nothing seemed vibrant or fresh.  I've had better meals at the Raku in Dupont. 	2.0
1350	raku-bethesda	2011-12-16		I want to give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars. It is not quite at a 4star level but maybe if the service was stepped up just a little and the food as well, then we would begood to go. We went there last night, it hink for the second time. We ordered the edamame to start which was excellent and not too salty, in fact had very little salt but still very tasty. Afterwards, I ordered a few rolls (Chesapeake Bay roll, Deluxe Spicy Tuna, and Volcano). deluxe Spicy tuna roll was the best out of all three and then the volcano roll. The chesapeake roll was actually not that great and my least favorite of all. Lastly, we tried the Banana Foster which was unique with the green tea ice reams and their own rendition but still good. I would go there again but probably try some other rolls or maybe order an actual entree. 	3.0
1351	raku-bethesda	2009-06-04		Raku is excellent, and I eat here every time I am in the area. They are consistent in their food and great service. They're also fast. If you ever sit at the sushi bar, you can see why they are fast. They are super organized and clean back there in the kitchen and know exactly what they're doing.   The quality of the sushi is excellent, but the cooked food is outstanding too and very unique. There's often a fusion of Asian and Western flavors and ingredients. I love trying new things on the menu, and it's always a safe bet that I'm going to have great food at Raku.   I've heard of some people not liking how loud it can get there, but I actually really like how lively it is. There's a great energy, and you can tell that people love eating at Raku! 	5.0
1352	raku-bethesda	2010-06-09		It's always a packed, chaotic mess of  a tiny restaurant.  Their sushi is...ok. But it's their great big curry udon noodle soups that keep me coming back.   I like their chicken napa salad for an appetizer.  Get the bread pudding for dessert, too.   They close from 3-5 which is annoying. 	4.0
1353	raku-bethesda	2012-04-19		We ate there during Bethesda Restaurant Row week.  It was mid-week, but busy.  We ate outside, which was nice - inside it was very noisy.  The food was very good - would give it a solid four stars on food, Sushi was excellent.  The service was not.  Server was very nice, with a good wine recommendation and a very plesant way about her.  There was a delay in the second course, so she eventually gave us one of our orders (the Sushi) which we ate while waiting for the other second course item.  We got that, and immediately got our third course orders - Steak and Halibut.  We asked that they take back the Steak and Halibut - which they did, and after we finished the 2nd course pasta (a good 10 min) they brought us the third course.  Both items were cold and somewhat dry.  We mentioned this to the server, who apologized again, but did nothing more.    We will likely try it again, but if the service is anything like what we experienced, won't go back again. 	3.0
1354	raku-bethesda	2009-05-25		Sea bass, dragon roll, generally everything is delicious here. I think the prices are little bit much for some of its entrees, especially for dinner. The Raku in Dupont doesn't even compare to this one.  However, get a BENTO BOX for lunch and it will be on of the best deals you'll ever have for lunch. Between $10-$13 for fish, meat, or vegetable bento boxes gets you A LOT of variety: your main protein of choice, sushi (just california rolls or something else plain), seaweed salad, shu mai (no idea how to spell this), portabella mushroom / green bean / wanton strip salad with parmesan cheese, and soup.   My bento box - I usually get the rib eye or salmon bento box. I don't really like soup so I substitute my soup for additional salad (this salad is just their house salad though) . I also like to upgrade my bento box sushi to the dragon roll, which I think is between a $2 and $3 additional cost to your meal. 	5.0
1355	raku-bethesda	2010-03-28		The decor is Asian modern with big chopsticks and fans hanging from the ceiling. It's too cramped to have a big group but I would recommend it for a casual date night.  The sushi is definitely not on the skimpy side. They had an interesting combination of ginger, apple, and mackerel but I think they stopped making that. Another favorite was the wasabi dynamite roll and the red dragon roll.   Main entrees are delicious and not a disappointment. My favorite would have to be the Chilean sea bass. The steaks are delicious as well but a must try would be the coconut curry noodle soup with udon!  Minus one star because the bill tends to be a bit on the hefty side (for two people: 2 entrees, and 2 rolls = about $60 not including tip) 	4.0
1356	raku-bethesda	2009-12-21		I think I did this all wrong. Went for dinner here on a warm-ish summer night and ordered the Red Curry Noodle Soup with chicken. I can only describe it as... gross? The noodles were as big as a baby's arm and mushy. The soup had a flavor like air mixed with water and elevator music. The portion was, seriously, offensive. Could've served five people easily. Maybe something for a server to mention when one person orders it?  The place was packed, so I'll cut the spotty service some slack. I've heard good things about the sushi, so maybe I'll be back to give it a try. But probably not. 	2.0
1357	raku-bethesda	2009-08-25		My friend Olivia calls it CRAKU - True Story!  Today, and I'm not sorry to admit, was my THIRD time there in the last 96 hours.  Mmmm Crunchy Shrimp Roll is made of the things dreams are made of!  NOT good for 'private chats' they do pack you in like canned fish! 	4.0
1358	raku-bethesda	2009-09-22		I have been here close to 10 times and I haven't had a bad meal yet. I do think the restaurant is cramped and gets crazy crowded-- make a reservation, especially on the weekend. Also it's pretty loud, so if you're looking for quiet and intimate, move along. As far as the food goes, I have had almost all the rolls (my favorites are the Mt Fuji, What a Match, and Crunchy Spicy Tuna). I also love the tuna tartare. The red curry noodle bowl is amazing-- it is HUGE and so tasty. I get mine with tofu and veggies and it's filling and flavorful. The service can be spotty-- sometimes the waiter is on point, other times I'm trying to flag someone down for 20 minutes for a glass of water.  Overall, though, I like it a lot and have brought friends here (locals and out-of-towners) on several occasions. **This review is only for Raku in Bethesda. I went to the one in Dupont once and thought it wasn't very good so I stick to Bethesda. 	4.0
1359	raku-bethesda	2009-10-23		I had plans to meet two friends at 8, despite the Yelp warnings of a long wait.  At 8.45, after 2 trips to the bar, we were seated and starving.  We split a curry soup with udon noodles and both chicken and tofu, and got two rolls - a crunchy spicy tuna and some sort of a dragon roll.   The soup was huge and amazing. They split it into two bowls, and we were scared they actually brought out two orders (huge! huge!).  I thought the sushi was great, especially the spicy crunchy tuna roll. I don't like fried anything, but they put just the right amount of flakes in to give a crunch, without turning it into a oily mess.  I generally will not order anything that isn't chocolate off the dessert list, but everyone in the restaurant was eating the croissant pudding. We had to try it for ourselves. It was delicious - moist, full of raisins, covered in a sort of crème anglaise, and a side of french vanilla ice cream.   I'm not sure I'd make the trek up to Bethesda often. The Dupont location has great patio seating in the summer, and the soups there are just as good.   It's hard to find value in DC. I think this place has it down. 	5.0
1360	raku-bethesda	2013-03-26		Food is great. They have options for those in your party who aren't into sushi. Specials are always real good and interesting. 	5.0
1361	raku-bethesda	2008-11-11		I visited Raku again tonight and decided it deserved another star. I got the coconut curry soup this time... mmm delicious!. It did get a bit messy though with the udon noodles (but our server quickly brought over a fork for me to alleviate some of my troubles)... but it was SO worth it! It was the perfect blend of sweet and spiciness.   My friend got the healthy tofu salad which she said was good but a bit over-drenched in dressing. We also split the calamari to start. It came with 2 dipping sauces, horseradish cocktail and cilantro-cucumber... I thought the cilantro cucumber was OK but the horseradish cocktail sauce was amazing with just the right kick. I only finished half my soup but left very full and satisfied (and the even boxed the rest so I have lunch for tomorrow!).   I didn't have the same feeling of being rushed out the door that I did my last time here, but that may have to do with it being a Tuesday night instead of the weekend. We were pretty close to the table next to us (nearly elbow to elbow), but that didn't seem to be too much of a problem. But all in all, service was great and our food came out fast. All I know is, I left happy and I'll be back! 	4.0
1362	raku-bethesda	2010-01-24		We went there on a cold Sunday evening, boy, the place was packed! Luckily we got the last table so that no waiting needed.   Tried their well-known sushi and Five Spiced Duck Breast. I must say that is the best duck I've ever had in DC area, or on the East coast. The meat is so tender and tasty, even the presentation was nice, too. I was very impressed. Sushi is also great. Very fresh.   Will definitely come back again. I want to try the Pumpkin-Ginger soup next time. 	5.0
1363	raku-bethesda	2010-01-22		This place is great! I have been going to their establishment for close to a decade and pretty much on a monthly basis. The staff is very friendly and will kindly offer suggestions if you are hesitant or unsure of flavor combinations.   This is a pretty popular place in Bethesda so if you are trying to get in for a dinner on a Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait-a wait that will be well worth your while. Outdoor seating in the summer is the place for people watching and enjoying the atmosphere. If seats are available at the bar-go for it-could cut your wait in half. Plus it is always enjoyable to see the action of the kitchen.  For appetizers, when available, their mushroom soup provides you with a pretty amazing start-could be a meal in itself. A daily menu soup item that has been perfected beyond belief is the pumpkin ginger soup. Great flavors and perfect for a cold winter night or a hot summer lunch.  My constantly ordered items that fill my plate are their golden and red dragon rolls, volcano rolls, and the wasabi dynamite rolls-absolutely incredible! Enjoy! 	5.0
1364	raku-bethesda	2011-11-23		Service was terrible it took 25 mins just I get water.. Then another 30 mins to get our edamame then finally another 30 mins just for our sushi.. The sushi was nothin special in fact nothing was really great about this place I think I'll stick to Hanaro or Sushi Damo next time 	1.0
1365	raku-bethesda	2013-03-05		I adore Raku!  There is nothing on this menu that isn't inventive, beautifully presented and like anything you have tasted, much less cooked. Must tries:  the Tuna Tartare, Ginger Pumpkin Soup, The Duck entree (melts in your mouth like filet mignon, but better...and the sushi for sushi lovers.  Make reservations or you will wait a very long time for a table.  Bethesda location kitchen is much better than the Dupont kitchen. 	5.0
1366	raku-bethesda	2009-02-08		"This is the only sushi place in Maryland that is worth the money.  All the sushi is executed beautifully.  The entrees are excellent.  I'm a big fan of the dashi broth soup and the coconut curry soup.  Service is excellent.       The only thing preventing the elusive ""fifth star"" is that seating is too cramped here.  I don't like eating with strangers.  Stranger Danger! "	4.0
1367	raku-bethesda	2009-02-27		I love this place. You get a taste of different Asian dishes. I especially love the Seafood Coconut Curry Soup with whole wheat udon noodles! It has a lot of flavor, it's spicy, and has lots of seafood - shrimp, calamari, and mussels!   Try their sushi menu as well. Their assortments are excellent! Nice area, too. It's located in Bethesda Row so it can get crowded especially on Friday evenings, but you can usually get a seat either at the bar, or if you time it correctly. Get there around 5pm or a little after 8pm to avoid long waits.  P.S. :) I just tasted one of their desserts for the first time last Friday and it was so delicious! I never thought I would ever order Poached Pear with Caramel sauce, but I'm glad I did! 	5.0
1368	raku-bethesda	2011-03-22		Never had a bad meal here. This place is awesome, food and prices. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so hard to get a table at. Service is always speedy and attentive. I would recommend the volcano roll! 	4.0
1369	raku-bethesda	2013-01-06		I love raku. Their noodle bowl is so delicious and the sushi is good too. 	5.0
1370	raku-bethesda	2011-11-30		Decent lunch prices, very crowded at Lunch. I had the sashini Bento Box, nice presentation, good amount of food for $13. Go early as the line was out the door by 12:15pm. Small sushi bar, 1st come 1st served, seems to rotate out every 30 minutes or so. Fish was fresh, miso was hot and service had a smile. 	4.0
1371	raku-bethesda	2008-08-27		3.5 stars I have been here a few times for lunch in the last month. Each time I have had the sushi -- and it has been ranged from very good to excellent. It is one of the better lunch options in Bethesda -- and certainly one of the best on the main strip.   I do like their warm noodle soups, not a big fan of the cold noodle soups. While there might be some misses, I think their sushi might be the best in Bethesda. Though it does not compete with Sushi Taro and Sakana in DC. 	3.0
1372	raku-bethesda	2008-08-28		"This has been my study break stop for quite some time now.  Since I typically want something predictable and filling during these fly-by meals,  I've narrowed myself down to a pretty standard order:   ""Thai noodle soup with egg noodles and a crunchy spicy tuna roll (or soft shell crab roll) please!  Thank you!""  If you're like me and don't want to brave the ridiculous lines to eat on site, they do a pretty good carry-out.  By the time I call in my order and make the 5 minute drive/park/walk to the restaurant - my order is waiting for me.  If you're determined to have a sit-down meal, the wait line moves quicker than most restaurants in Bethesda - if that counts for anything. "	4.0
1373	raku-bethesda	2009-09-08		"Good sushi! I was surprised by ""unexpected"" in good way...my friend and I visited this place as we had a business nearby. I did not have good expectation...but after all, it was nice surprise in a good way. Sushi order for one person was not quite good amount for me...and after ordering more individual pieces, price was...of course high. Tuna was OK, not great; Hamachi, Salmon were good; Hokki was very negative; Ika was not so good...Cali Rolls were OK; Uni was not good. Atmosphere was...hmmm, Asian Fusion type...noisy enough. I will try one more time upon next visit. "	3.0
1374	raku-bethesda	2009-08-28		I used to eat here a couple days out of the week a couple years back since I worked really close.  It was great.  The food was good but pricey (It's Bethesda...).  The atmosphere was good, and my co-workers and I had a good time.   Over time, I've noticed that this place has really gone down hill.  I'd say about the same time The rolls have gotten smaller, the prices stayed the same, and the biggest sushi faux pas...the rolls falls apart as you pick them up or sometimes even on the plate before you touch it.  The wait is long, even for carry out.  It's crowded and loud. A lot of rice, not enough fish.  Bento boxes are slightly lame depending on what you get -- shumai taste like the frozen shumai you can get from the grocery store, a couple california rolls, salad (?!), and a few veggies.  The sushi platter is slightly better, but of course there's that risk of the nigiri or maki falling apart on you.  Most restaurant has its redeeming qualities.  The one for Raku is the outdoor seating and the friendly staff.  Outdoor is great for a nice sunny day and you can avoid the crowd inside the restaurant.  The staff is extremely friendly even though most of them are running around trying to get to everyone.  Bluefin Toro nigiri is awesome if you can get it (seasonal).  Their noodle soups are have great broth.    Now I just want to say that that this review is more of a before and after comparison.  If you are a newcomer, you might have a completely different experience than me.  As I always try to emphasize...don't let reviews form your opinions for you.   Everyone has different tastes =) 	2.0
1375	raku-bethesda	2011-12-16		The udon soup with red coconut curry is as good as it gets!  I think most of Bethesda Row restaurants are overpriced, but I love that I can get an awesome entree for mere $12 or so.    The only bad part is the wait.  If you are not there when it opens in the evening, you may be waiting awhile.  The service is pretty good once you get a table.     Sushi and rolls are okay - some interesting rolls, but nothing to write home about. 	4.0
1376	raku-bethesda	2008-11-12		I parked right in front of the restaurant to catch a film screening thought about walking over to Penang but Raku looked rather appealing from the outside, it was packed with people at 6:00 PM. I decided to check it out. The restaurant is medium sized but it has this long sushi bar which was interesting, I asked to sit at the bar for a better view of the restuarant. The menu had all kinds of asian food I am always confused when a restaurant has all the different asian food put together. Overall I think the food is priced towards higher end with noodle soup going at $10.50 and entree over $20.  I ordered the red curry egg noodles with chicken. The bartender was very attentive and my food was served quickly. The dish was delicious with a nice touch - chicken was grilled and sliced. It was a pleasant experience. 	3.0
1377	raku-bethesda	2010-01-26		If I were to come here again, I'd know what to do next time. Raku is always packed on any given night, but surprisingly my boyfriend and I were able to walk in and get seats. The atmosphere was very social and modern, and the service was good. We ordered 2 sushi rolls and 2 bowls of noodles. The mistake we made was ordering too many noodles. The sushi was great- fresh, tasty, and very good presentation. The noodles were good, but if we were to do it all over again, I'd go with more sushi rolls and less noodles.   Definitely worth a second visit! Be sure to make reservations ahead of time to get a spot! 	5.0
1378	raku-bethesda	2008-07-09		"Due to the flies, it lost a star.  Seriously, I so will never eat in to this place again (I will however, do  take out).  I stopped by here on my way home cause I was staving and sat at the bar.  The place is tiny and really packed.  The bar is near the open door hence the 2 flies I saw... put I also saw 2 of those tiny flying things as well.  I ordered the Pumpkin Ginger Soup,  ""What a match!"" Roll, Pomegranate Shochu, &amp; Bonsai Tree roll.  The shochu was interesting, not what I expected but ok none the less.  The pumpkin soup was hot but once it cooled down was good.  The ginger wasn't actually part of the soup but part of the garnish so boo on them for the miss-name.  The Bonasi Tree roll was wow...not was I was expecting and better than I could have believed.  Picture a typical sushi roll with the seaweed on the outside.   Now place a thin slice of cucumber between the rice and the seaweed.  Then replace the rice with real crab meat with Avocado &amp; Masago in the middle.  The chili ponzu sauce that the slices sit in just completes the picture. My mouth is watering just remembering it.  The sauce is a little bit sweet and is paired so well with the rolls.  There are also roe (fish eggs) but they asked if I wanted it with/or without and I said without.  5 stars  What a Match! Roll it too was a match made in heaven.  Mackerel, apple, ginger and scallion; need I say more?! It was yummy &amp; I wanted more when it was gone. 5 stars  I will definitely be calling in for take-out here this summer. "	4.0
1379	raku-bethesda	2011-08-14		The food is decent here including the sushi. My wife loves the chicken curry noodle dish here. The service is decent as well as the atmosphere. I like the surrounding area as well, but it could be difficult to find parking on the busy weekends. 	3.0
1380	raku-bethesda	2008-9-23		I've been here once. I went specifically for their noodle soup that I had heard from friends was great, and I wasn't disappointed.  I got the Tokyo Dashi broth with chicken and my friend had the Coconut and Red curry broth.  Mine was pretty great, I'm just dying to go back and try the coconut curry though because it looked and smelled amazing.  I'm giving it 3 stars for now until I have a chance to try some more of what they have to offer. The only downside to my dining experience was that as soon as we finished out soup I felt like we were being shooed out the door and it was a bit noisy with all the crowd. But overall, I enjoyed my meal and would definitely go back!	3.0
1381	raku-bethesda	2007-1-2		There are some big differences between the one in DC and Bethesda. I have not been to the one in DC in a very long time and would need a good reason to go back. The Raku is Bethesda is a lot more popular and for good reason....certainly not very authentic -- but the food is quite good. A reasonable deal for lunch -- though the bento boxes are not very good -- tough, cold meat and a little odd (string beans with parmesan). The sushi and appetizers seem to be the best bets.....	3.0
1382	raku-bethesda	2008-06-05		I love raku, it can be a bit pricey, as typical for sushi. The best deals are the lunch boxes you get a lot of food and cheaply compared to the price they would be individual rolls or for dinner. I wouldn't say go for the sushi, because it isn't the best, but the rest of the items are pretty darn good. Try the seaweed salad, or the udon. All the soups I've had there have been pretty good and filling, which is hard for a soup.  My friend and I once got to raku just as they opened their doors for lunch and there was already a line. This line doesn't go away until closing so make reservations or get there early. Inside the tables are cramped together, but they have large booths. I wouldn't recommend bringing kids here simply because it is so crowded. I have seen many a soccer mom try to push their stroller through the passage ways only to end up with no place to put it while they eat. Also kids are fidgety, which is no good in a cramped environment where they will just knock into somebody else, or yell in that persons ear. Yes, I hate kids. Especially when they ruin my favorite restaurants. I go here all the time when I am in bethesda, it's one of my local fall backs. 	5.0
1383	raku-bethesda	2009-07-19		i can never decide between which giant bowl of soup to get. the curry soup is fantastically tasty, and the tokyo dash is soul warming. i dream about the udon noodles....  while the soup is more than enough food for 1 person, sometimes i just have to get an order of the spicy crunch scallop roll... a rare find 	5.0
1384	raku-bethesda	2011-09-02		One of my favorite restaurants in the DC area. Amazing food, good service, and overall good prices...and all of that in a trendy, fun area!  My favorites:  Ginger pumpkin soup Chicken satay  with mango salad Delux Spicy Tuna Roll Volcano Roll 	5.0
1385	raku-bethesda	2009-03-03		I stopped on in here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. I tried the salmon toro and it was awesome. The udon noodles were pretty good too. Service was fast for a crowded lunch place. It is really crowded and they kind of squeeze people in like a sardine can. It's still worth it to try out their sushi.  -edit- Came back for dinner with some friends and we were not disappointed with the sushi and teriyaki dishes we had. 	5.0
1386	raku-bethesda	2011-11-06		On the expensive side for the things they cater. I have had better sushi for cheaper price. 	3.0
1387	raku-bethesda	2008-08-06		I went here after salsa dancing last night.  First, I was a little taken back by the prices-but remember to do it Family Style and you will be alright. We order two side plates, an entree and it came  to be fairly reasonable for the 3 of us.  I found the servers to be helpful and the outdoor seating nice.  We also had the amusement of watching our 3rd friend from NM try sushi, calamari and chopsticks for the first time.  I recommend the chicken dish and noodles, as that came out to be a delicious plate....chicken was tender and had a great taste.  Overall, a good place for Japanese food and from what I heard, go here instead of the one in DC. 	4.0
1388	raku-bethesda	2011-08-10		Crowded, crowded, and crowded... but that's a good sign, and it was well worth the wait! 	5.0
1389	raku-bethesda	2008-07-01		"Okay, sure, the sushi is good.  People like it.  Great.  But...if you haven't had the warm asparagus and mushroom ""salad"", you've not lived.  Warning.  This item is highly addictive.  Get that perfect bite.  A little mozarrella (yes, really) a piece of tortilla chip, asparagus piece, and some mushroom.  Plenty of that amazing sauce.  Love at first bite. "	4.0
1390	raku-bethesda	2010-07-23		Yum, yum . . . . I love Raku. This place has great sushi and good service. The Golden Dragon Roll is a friend of mine, but they do a great job with all the classics. Excellent ingredients and great location. The only reason it is lacking for stars is the size. The setup of this restaurant is awkward at best. Enjoy, just get there early or you won't have a seat. 	4.0
1391	raku-bethesda	2011-03-27		My favorite restaurant in Bethesda. Everything I've had here is delicious. There is sometimes a wait during dinner hours, but it is WORTH IT! If you like japanese food and you are looking for a nice place to sit down and eat, you must try Raku. 	5.0
1392	raku-bethesda	2010-08-20		Came here for Bethesda Restaurant Week 2010.  I should have stuck with sushi.  Their kitchen entrees were just average.  The tables were very close to each other, I could rub elbows with the table next to me.  I would go back, but strictly for sushi. 	2.0
1393	raku-bethesda	2008-08-01		I don't understand why this place gets such high ratings. The service was mediocre and the food well it didn't feel like anything over 1.5 maybe 2    (Referring to the Lunch menu)  -The teriyaki chicken is dry and over-sweet.  -The soup seemed watered down. -California rolls are just average.  -The soba was nothing spectacular.   To me the place was a little bit pricy but it might just be because I could cook this at home better.   I wouldn't go here again. 	1.0
1394	raku-bethesda	2010-08-15		It was chaos at Raku's hostess stand last night.  They took our names, didn't write them down, forgot about us, then ignored us when we inquired.  No manager was available to remedy things, so we left. 	2.0
1395	raku-bethesda	2011-11-26		This has been our favorite restaurant for many years.  It's always busy in the evening, but we seldom have to wait more than 20 minutes and often choose sit at the counter. and watch the chefs  Service is almost always very good.    Here are our favorite dishes: Tuna tartare (enough for a meal) Portabello mushroom and asparagus salad - the ponzu dressing makes you want to lick the plate. Red curry noodle soup - it's huge and really tasty - certainly enough for 2 and you can choose seafood, meat, chicken or tofu and veggies, as well as the type of noodle you prefer. Dumplings with a mango sauce My friend likes the crunchy, spicy sushis Bento boxes are very good I thought the napa cabbage and chicken salad was only so-so, especially compared to the mushroom and asparagus salad mentioned above - which is one of my favorite dishes ever! We only occasionally get a main course because the appetizers are so good and it's difficult to choose only one. Desserts are limited, but we rarely feel the need for a dessert. Prices are mid-range. 	5.0
1396	raku-bethesda	2010-08-20		I got food poisoning from here! The sushi just didnt seem that fresh, and I was right. 	1.0
1397	raku-bethesda	2008-01-21		Restaurant Week Review from Summer 2007 (4.5 stars)  My boyfriend and I came here on a whim because we were so hungry and could not wait for our 9pm reservations at another place. I am glad about our choice because we had the perfect summer dinner.  I liked that Raku let you choose between having a traditional 3 course meal or 2 starters and an entree. Being so hungry, we chose the latter option (and then had Haagen Daz down the street). -1st Courses: Heirloom Tomato Salad was sweet, salty, and simple; perfect on a summer evening. My boyfriend got the 5 spiced beef which was also great and seasoned well.   -2nd Courses: Ban Ban Chicken, and Grilled Chicken &amp; Napa. Both salads were good, but nothing spectacular. -Entrees: Wok Charred Chilean Sea Bass was also great for a hot night because it was light and tasty. I just wished that the fish had a little more flavor. My boyfriend got the Thai Curry Bouillabaisse, which was huge! He loved every bite of it and was soaking up all the curry with pieces of bread because the sauce was so good.   I could see how it could get loud and crowded in the restaurant, so we waited it out for patio seat. It was perfect outside on a summer night with trees adorned with lights and a perfect people-watching spot. 	4.0
1398	raku-bethesda	2011-07-17		Fabulous sushi. Fresh, delicious, and in my opinion they make the best vegetable tempura I have ever eaten. I recommend going during the lunch hour and ordering a bento box. They are only around $12 and you get lots of delicious food. Personally, I think their dinner menu is overpriced,the bento boxes become $5+ more and you get less food with them....not so sure what thats about. Go during lunch! You will love it. 	4.0
1399	raku-bethesda	2011-01-04		All in all, a great place to take friends.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Excellent food.  The wait time (depending on when you arrive) can be annoying because of the Montgomery County (namely, Bethesda/Rockville/Potomac) crowd (who, apparently, don't eat anywhere else but in Bethesda Row). 	4.0
1400	raku-bethesda	2011-07-05		Raku has really delicious food. The sushi is great, fresh and original! They also have pretty amazing salads. The asparagus and mushroom salad is one of my favorites as well as the tofu salad. The bread pudding is also surprisingly incredible! Must also try tuna tar tar. I have never had a bad meal here. Parking is a little difficult, usually easier to just find a lot and walk. Also usually very busy (all the time.) A reservation is definitly needed on weekends but sometimes there is a wait during the weekdays as well. It is well worth it! 	4.0
1401	raku-bethesda	2011-06-30		Whenever I crave for sushi this the place I go to.   The servers are attentive and friendly and the food is delicious.  You can appreciate that this is not a traditional japanese restaurant because an order of seaweed salad comes with nicely dressed greens along with the seaweed and other crunchy stuff.   I like the pumpkin soup so much I order it even on 90 degree weather days.  Also, the sushi is fresh.   I especially like the crunchy spicy scallop roll, with a side order of fresh wasabi.   I love this place!. 	4.0
1402	raku-bethesda	2010-02-17		Nice place, nice location. The sushi was just ok for me. Nothing too special. I did enjoy the chicken and shrimp dumplings though. Glad we beat the rush, because I actually wouldn't wait for more than 5 minutes for a seat here. 	3.0
1403	raku-bethesda	2010-02-16		The rice was a little mush.  The service and prices were fair here.  I ordered the dragon roll, california roll, and crunchy shrimp roll.  Chicken and pork dumplings were very good, meaty with a nice crunch.  No major complaints, nothing to exciting for me.  Have to try something different next time I guess. 	3.0
1404	raku-bethesda	2008-04-10		"I've been to Raku four or five times now and have been very pleased each time, although in the evenings there has always been a wait (and they don't take reservations).    I love to read the creative ""pan-Asian fusion"" menu, and would dearly love to try everything on it!  I can't, however, because my boyfriend always insists on getting the AMAZING seaweed salad (which is nearly a full meal for two), and then a small plate of sushi to fill us completely.  Raku offers several interesting rolls, which are solid in quality, but not mind-blowing,  The service is fine; the staff tend to be quite busy, but they always manage pop up just when I need water.  And I really can't complain, since I usually leave having spent under $25 for two people, including tip!  In short: Crowded dining, consistent service, good prices, consistent quality, and an interesting &amp; tasty menu. "	4.0
1405	raku-bethesda	2011-02-16		I have always been a fan of Raku.  The food is flavorful while not leaving you feeling like you ate too much.  The dining room is inviting and upscale.  It's a great spot to meet friends for lunch or dinner.  Yesterday, I met 2 women for lunch there.  We enjoyed it.  I wouldn't say that they have the best sushi or the best Thai type dishes, but everything is solid and consistent. A bit expensive for lunch good fair for dinner.  One word of advise they get pretty busy at prime dinner time so don't go with the family and expect to get seated right away.  Good news is Barnes and Noble is right around the corner so you can always occupy a little time while you wait for your table to be ready perusing books and magazines. 	4.0
1406	raku-bethesda	2010-11-08		Best sushi I've had in Bethesda combined with an deft and adventurous kitchen. Sometimes the kitchen needs to bring up the spice levels but, never had anything bad.  Place is  very cramp however. Not the kind of place you want to linger over a meal. 	4.0
1407	raku-bethesda	2012-09-18		Best sushi place in Bethesda.  Period.  Spicey crunchy tuna roll is my favorite,  and usually their daily specials are pretty exciting.  Decor is awesome inside,  and outside seating is great for people watching. 	4.0
1408	raku-bethesda	2010-01-02		"I got two rolls of sushi, which were fine by my sushi-loving standards. I spied another patron who ordered a whole fried fish, which looked absolutely mouth-watering. Looking at some other dishes, the portions seemed quite generous. When I initially walked in, I thought Raku-An might be another PF Chang's (I'm not a fan of Asian food that has been so diluted with ""American"" tastes, that the only thing Asian about it is soy sauce), but I'm happy to report I was wrong, at least based on the quality of the sushi my friends and I ordered.  PS - I went reservation-less on a Wed night, the week between Xmas and New Years, and boy was it packed! The intimate setting helped make our meal a fun one. "	4.0
1409	raku-bethesda	2011-03-14		"My colleagues and I eat at Raku every other week.  This is my first review, though.  I'm dining alone, so I decided to sit at the sushi bar.  The bar is full of chatter, mostly in Chinese by the cook staff; they're noisy.  They're reasonably professional and they grunt occasionally in Japanese -- which I speak and they don't!  (Grunting is largely for the benefit of diners walking through Raku's front door.)  Ok...Martini to start, three olives up.  Not bad, but olives are like something out of a steel can sold at an Asian market -- chewy, odd flavor, and not suitable for a Martini.  Leave it to the Greeks and Italians to produce olives!  (I usually drink my Martinis across the street at Mon Ami Gabi...my mistake.  I also usually drink beer and sake at Raku.  Today was a bit different.)  First course is Shrimp and Chicken Dumpling Soup.  Not bad.  wrapping is tender, not chewy.  Nice flavor, fresh vegetables -- spinach and bean sprouts.  The dumplings remind me of going for dim sum as a child with my father, so I give Raku an ""extra credit"" point for triggering cherished memories.  Quantity is appropriate for smaller soup, not overwhelming sweat-er, just-right temperature, flavorful broth, etc.  Second course is Flying Smoke in Dragon roll.  Nice smokey flavor, a bit spicy and the eel is cooked well.  Definitely one of their signature rolls, though a bit pricey.  Though this is Raku.  It's worth pointing out that many of Raku's rolls are ""over-riced."". This one screams eel, with minimal rice surround.  Third course is Ikura (salmon roe) with (uzura) quail egg.  This is my ""standards"" or quality control check.  It's only for those who appreciate omega-3 and phospolipids in the diet.  I give this one a 4 out of 5.  The quail egg is quite good, though the salmon roe is a bit rubbery.  I can' t speak towards processing techniques, however, some sushi bars in the area serve very fresh Ikura, others don't.  Here, we're above marginal.  Ok...Martini is kicking in!  For the final course, Spicy Butterfly Prawn in an Aurora sauce with mesclun  So, not your inexpensive bento box special.  A very filling meal, perhaps best shared and accompanied by one additional starter dish.  NOTE TO OTHERS: Raku has a reputation for mediocre, snobbish (why??) waitstaff, but thoughtful, engaging chefs.  Today, the waiters were much more pleasant, but the chefs were too chatty...with each other.  If I could record with my iPhone and post to YouTube, I would.  OH, YEAH: I love the new iPad 2! "	4.0
1410	raku-bethesda	2010-08-29		The hubby and I went out to dinner with a couple friends who LOVE this place.  Lucky for us, they made a reservation ahead of time so we didn't have to deal with the hostess at all.  I actually arrived an hour before the hubby (since he was unfortunately stuck at work), and got a chance to sample their fizzy champagne-like sake (very sweet, but good), the sangria- which is my friend's absolute favorite, a nice glass of pinot noir, some tuna tartar, and the golden dragon roll.  The sushi was very tasty- solidly good, and the tartar tasted clean and fresh.  As for the entrees, I got the beef tenderloin (cooked to a perfect med-rare) with yams in the shape of scallops, a lovely red wine reduction and the best freaking stir-fried veggie side.  There were sliced king oyster mushrooms, haricot verts, and fresh spinach all sauteed together into harmonious deliciousness.  Mmm.... My friends were quite pleased with the Deluxe bento box (sea bass, beef tenderloin, sashimi, seaweed salad, and tempura!), and the pan seared chicken with a side of noodles.   Now I have to say that the service for us was excellent.  Here's why: - they kept the drinks coming  - the server let me put in the hubby's order as he was leaving work, and they timed it so perfectly that his entree came out just as he sat down - the hubby accidentally spilled his glass of sapporo (I think the server thought someone else at our table did it), and he brought out a new bottle for him!  yay!  I have to say that if I'm up in Bethesda again for any reason, I would not hesitate to come back again! 	4.0
1411	raku-bethesda	2012-09-08		The food was tasty.  I had  a bowl of their coconut red curry noddle with seafood.  Unfortunately, as I was finishing the food, the mussel tasted bad and I stopped eating it.  Woke up at 5 in the morning with food poisoning. 	1.0
1412	raku-bethesda	2010-12-05		This has become my boyfriend and mines new go-to place.  I always feel like the food is fresh and healthy.    First, I LOVE their green tea.  I've bought many genmaicha teas in local markets, but none are as good as what raku serves.  Next, the tuna tartar is a good start, the salads are textured and taste so good and clean, and the soups can be a great meal by themselves.  The sushi is good and fresh and on a recent visit I had a great pork chop served with braised red cabbage, broccoli rabe, seasonal squash, and fennel--delicious.    The service too, has always been good.  I have been disappointed on occasion, e.g. stay away from the deep fried (aka warm) seafood spring rolls, but those occasions have been few. 	4.0
1413	raku-bethesda	2008-04-17		I lovvvvve Raku. I've been here for lunch several times, and always get the Chicken Teriyaki Bento box, which is really filling. It's always busy, even at lunch there is a bit of a wait, but it's worth it. The soups and California rolls are delicious. 	4.0
1414	raku-bethesda	2010-07-03		Bustling and popular. But the food is average. So, good place for a quick bite for the price. But there's better sushi, etc out there in DC. 	2.0
1415	raku-bethesda	2011-01-21		We often come to Raku, despite the close together tables and the noise - we come for the wonderful food - the fish is always fresh, fresh, fresh! Interesting specials - the other night we had fresh sea urchin and the presentation was exquisite. They offer a very good selection of sake and despite the too close tables and the very loud noise level, it is worth it for the food. I will keep coming back! 	4.0
1416	raku-bethesda	2010-10-18		The sushi here is good- I have not tried any of their other dishes besides the tuna tar tar which was also quite good. Overall, the pricing is good for the quality of food, and the staff was friendly. 	3.0
1417	raku-bethesda	2009-04-12		The place was packed on a Friday night but the service was unexpectedly quick without making us feel rushed at all.  My friend had the sushi which she really enjoyed and I had the wheat udon soup with chicken, beef, and tempura shrimp.  I know everyone loves greasy foods post-drinking, but I'd take a hot spicy bowl of noodle soup any day.  $12 for a bowl is a little pricey, but it hit the spot. 	4.0
1418	raku-bethesda	2007-08-03		"Raku racks up the points with me...  My wife and I wondered down there on a Sunday, and had the esteemed pleasure of dining outside.  As a Floridian I will start by saying I'm VERY particular on the Sushi that I dine on.  I've been to tons of joints in Maryland where people swore up and down that they had ""the best"", only to be sadly disappointed.  Raku blew me away.   I had their Seoul Train, Dragon Roll, and the Chesapeake roll.  All were very original, incorporated a good number of veggies (not just the typical radish and cucumber), and had flavors that just jumped out from start to finish.  Not to mention, what every other reviewer has said, the fish, well IT""S SO FRESH.  Fresher than Downy drier sheets,  and definitely fresher than that not so fresh feeling.  :)  My advice, if you don't like sushi, go there, and you'll become a convert.  I plan to dine there as often as my wallet will support it.  (and before my wife starts complaining)  Highs: Sick F'in Sushi  Lows: Prices a tad high, but jeez people fresh f'in fish c'mon  :)  Enjoy with a loved one! "	5.0
1419	raku-bethesda	2010-04-07		I was surprised to notice that they have a different menu from the one (their sister restaurant?) in DC. I was a little disappointed at first when I found out that they do not carry Singapore noodles on their menu. But I eventually moved on to other items I have started to thoroughly enjoy  -  we usually get the curry noodle soup, asian spicy wings (they have a specials menu offering this new dish - EXCELLENT), sushi rolls and last but not the least - my personal favorite - banana foster(UBELIEVABLY GOOD)!  The Service is always pretty incredible considering they are always so busy. It can get pretty crowded so it helps to make reservations ahead of time. I usually end up having to wait but it's never for too long and the food is totally worth the wait! 	5.0
1420	raku-bethesda	2010-05-11		A great (although very popular) lunchtime spot in Bethesda. If you want a table you should definitely get there before noon, as it's often entirely packed by then. I'll confess I've only had one thing for lunch, but, although not obvious as an option, the 'noodle soups' are huge, excellent, and cheap. They come in two options: 'Tokyo broth' and 'Spicy Coconut Milk'-both are great, and start at $7.95 and $8.95, respectively. I usually go with the Spicy option, and while I like spice it's enough to warm me up on a cold day! With meat the prices go up by a dollar to four depending on whether you want chicken, beef or seafood, but the default 'tofu and vegetable' is more food than I can ever eat and tasty on its own! Definitely worth the money and they're even big enough for a dinner portion if you come later. 	4.0
1421	raku-bethesda	2009-01-28		4.5 stars  I've been here many, many times and the food is consistently very good.  Being vegetarians,  my husband and I usually stick to the sushi -- tamago, inari, and the avocado rolls are excellent.    They have several other veggie sushi options as well.  You MUST try their bread pudding for dessert.  I'm a big chocolate fan but this is hands down the best non-chocolate dessert I've had in my life.    They don't take reservations typically and the restaurant is always packed, but they try to seat folks as quickly as they can.  This isn't a great place for big groups because the place is so small, but it's great if you're going with a friend or your spouse.  It's also located in the trendy part of Bethesda. 	4.0
1422	raku-bethesda	2009-01-29		One of the best in town!  Not only for sushi, but they do a great job on other cooked items.  No wonder they are always busy.  Reservation recommended on weekends.  And very moderate priced as long as you don't drink lots of sakis. 	5.0
1423	raku-bethesda	2008-11-22		"All I can say is ""CHILEAN SEA BASS!""  Wow--this place has the best chilean sea bass I've ever tasted.  As soon as the bass hit my tongue, I felt like it just melted like butter!  I've been working in Maryland, and coming to Bethesda was a treat.  Chose Raku-An on a whim, and boy was I pleasantly surprised.  I also had some of the dumplings and calamar for appetizers, and a Banana Foster (think bananas, carmel sauce, vanilla bean and green tea ice cream)--everything was great.  I'm docking a star for slow service, though. Other than that...wow, I will definitely head back here for the sea bass.  Go really early or really late because this place gets packed! "	4.0
1424	raku-bethesda	2010-01-24		I'd love it if you had a little more attention from the servers just because most of the time all of us were out of drinks.  My husband and I ordered a vegetarian roll for an appetizer.  It was very good  Then we both ordered the red curry soup with udon noodles  I made a bit of a mess eating the soup because the noodles are so long but it was so good!    The couple we were with got a box of assorted rolls and fish and also the beef tenderloin.  She said the sauce was awesome on the beef. 	4.0
1425	raku-bethesda	2010-03-31		I dined at Raku last night. What a pleasure. The food here is WAY better than the food at the Raku in Dupont. They've also got a different menu. The ingredients were fresh, service was friendly and the food and drinks came out fast. I had the vegetarian sushi assortment which was excellent. And we all shared edamame. Everyone enjoyed their food and I definitely plan to come back to Raku in Bethesda. 	5.0
1426	raku-bethesda	2008-08-03		I was really impressed with the sushi, menu and service at this Raku. I had never been to this location, only the one in Dupont (and the one located in Whole Foods in Logan). This one had a more extensive menu, way higher quality of food and the staff was attentive. Overall this place is a 180 from the crappy Dupont location (I've heard they're actually owned by two different people). The only negative is the tables can be on top of each other depending on where you're sitting. However, we went on a busy Saturday night, so it might have seemed worst than normal. 	4.0
1427	raku-bethesda	2009-05-25		Delicious! AND they have a great gluten-free menu for those of us with Celiacs. Their scallops with mushrooms are fantastic, and I have liked everything I have tried at Raku. It tends to be very noisy though, so come prepared to talk loud :) 	4.0
1428	raku-bethesda	2011-11-20		This is my favorite place to go for a bento box at lunch.  I love their sashimi bento box but you can't go wrong with any of them!  Love how the bento box comes with a salad and string beans with mushrooms.  It also comes with some california rolls and their take on shiu mai is delicious! 	4.0
1429	raku-bethesda	2011-04-28		This has become one of my favorite restaurants just because of their tuna tartare.  I've been there a few times and it has been consistently good!  The chilean seabass is also a winner; it's really flavorful and buttery.  I also tried their red curry soup noodle.  The flavor was good but I thought it was a bit heavy.  I don't recall their sushi being out of the ordinary though.. 	5.0
1430	raku-bethesda	2009-03-22		The sushi here is good and the platters are reasonably priced. It's always crowded at this location and sometimes difficult to have a conversation with whoever you're with because of how close the tables are to each other. I can't say I'm a fan of the rest of the menu because it's not exactly Asian food as I know it, but Raku is worth a visit for the sushi and the sake. 	3.0
1431	raku-bethesda	2006-03-03		Fresh sushi with NY style. If I hear about a sushi restaurant near me I must sample the menu.  Raku is the best sushi in Montgomery County, no questions asked.  The fish tastes very fresh and they carry an unbelievable bottle of sake called Meibo.  Can anyone tell me where to buy a bottle of that? They also have some funky rolls on the menu that have some fantastic tastes.  The decor is very hip with Asian appeal.  There are not many tables so make reservations.  There is a tiny bar with 5 stools to wait at but they fill up quick.  During the summer they have many tables outside in a real hot spot in Bethesda.  Price is higher than your typical sushi joint but worth every penny.  Not only can you have a great dinner but after dinner you can walk across the street to the Landmark theater or stroll into Borders next door.  Always a good experience every meal. 	5.0
1432	raku-bethesda	2008-08-22		"I have to say, this is my favorite place to get sushi in the D.C. metro area. The menu is extensive, I've never had bad service, and the food has never disappointed.  It does get packed on weekends, so expect a wait to be seated, and then to be at a little table crammed into a corner or near another couple. Or, if you're lucky, score a booth...plenty of elbow room then. The bar can be fun too, especially if you're seated on the end, near the door. No matter, the food is amazing no matter where you're sitting.  They have a large selection of sushi rolls, in basic (California roll) as well as interesting, innovative varieties (the ""What a Match"" roll is one of my favorites..mackerel and apple..yum!). Order several different varieties and share...it makes a great date spot.  And if you can (it's tough), leave room for dessert--they're surprisingly, amazingly good and beautifully presented. "	5.0
1433	raku-bethesda	2011-11-08		The food is consistently delicious, for the most part.  Our favorite restaurant in Bethesda.  The other day had a really yummy seared salmon and shedded daikon appetizer with a wonderful sauce.  Also the whole grilled branzino was terrific, cooked just right, with sweet potatoe chips and a surprise of grilled zucchini hiding underneath the fish.  Their sushi and sashimi are excellent.  Service is good, and they're flexible about substitutions.  I see a fair amount of kids here, but they need to be somewhat adventurous eaters.  No chicken nuggets!  It can get crowded because it's very popular --and for good reason!  Other restaurants in Bethesda should take some lessons from Raku.  We need more delicious menus and high quality cooking. 	5.0
1434	raku-bethesda	2009-07-04		I've been coming to Raku for many years, and here is how I summarize it:  It's a fun place to come and have a great meal with somebody.  If you want to smell the food before you see it, this place is great.  It engages all your senses.    I love the sushi in the beginning (Chesapeake Roll is wonderful), I love the main courses and the desserts.  It's still one of my favorite Japanese Fusion restaurants in the world.    It's also one of the best restaurants in Bethesda. 	5.0
1435	raku-bethesda	2009-02-03		Massive bowls of curry soup. 	5.0
1436	raku-bethesda	2008-02-15		I went here for lunch and the place was packed! Everyone got the Bento Box special which seemed like a good deal. I got the Chicken Teriyaki and substituted a Crunchy Tuna roll for the California roll. The box came with miso soup, good but a bit on the salty side for me, salad, very yummy, little crab balls which were good, a mushroom and green bean thing which was good but it surprised me when I put in my mouth and it was cold, it was supposed to be cold but initially I didn't know that. The Chicken was nothing super it was done and parts of it was dry, too little sauce over the whole thing. The roll was good except they put cilantro on the roll and I am NOT a fan of cilantro so I was disappointed, I wonder if they can make it without the cilantro. Overall it was pretty good. 	3.0
1437	raku-bethesda	2009-03-22		We had Thai food that was less greasy, and sushi that was less dry. In case you are in Bethesda and you are dying for a Thai food that's your best bet, but if you want a sushi there are other place around.  Be aware that they will give you the bill before you even think what you want. They really rush the service. 	2.0
1438	raku-bethesda	2010-11-26		This place was packed.  Arrived with a fifteen minute wait.  Was seated at the bar.  The food was excellent.  The portions large.  The service was OK.  It was not horrible, but typically when you sit at a sushi bar you can dialougue with sushi chefs for me part of the experience - maybe that's just west coast.  Not the case here, they were super busy making rolls.  The server was OK.  I usually love to hear the specials or the server's recommendations this server nothing to add.  I was flying solo for my first time here.  Fortunately, the couple next me was helpful and the food was great. Just went there for the second time and it was thursday night,  a fifteen minute wait.  The food excellent again. Awesome thick servings, even the toro. Not thrilled with the dessert menu. They were out of Lychee sorbet my favorite.  I would expect home made icecream with flavors like ginger, green tea, and sorbets like lychee, ginger, lime, pineapple.  But they have desserts you can find anywhere.  The Lychee sorbet was a treat.  Beyond that, I wish they would change that part of the menu.  The best part of Raku is their good portion of sushi.  Other places are super thin slices. 	4.0
1439	raku-bethesda	2010-08-04		I am surprised this rated four star. The fish quality was sub par and even had an odd flavor. The daily specials are not that special. You can tell this is a chain. This is the second and last time I will go there. There are plenty of other sushi joints with more remarkable and fresh offerings 	2.0
1440	raku-bethesda	2007-09-04		I usually end up at this place for lunch and their bento boxes are a good deal.  Love the whole Asian Fusion thing, and there are lots of unusual touches from a place that on the surface seems to focus on sushi.  Butternut Squash soup, sauteed Asparagus &amp; Portabella mushrooms that seem to be topped with a parmesean type cheese.  This usually ends up being my go to place for a light, healthly lunch! 	4.0
1441	raku-bethesda	2009-02-09		This is the only sushi place I go to in Maryland. The only complaint I have is that the place is small, and it can get really packed. I love their crunch spicy tuna and steak udon.   I wish they had Raku near Fulton so I can eat sushi more often. The sushi place in Columbia (Soho?) is not so great, and it's too pricey. 	4.0
1442	raku-bethesda	2011-01-28		Came here for Bethesda Restaurant Week 2011.  Never going again. Waited for 45 min while the host let 3 people jump ahead of people on the list. They had no reservations. I will never go here again, as will the other couples who walked out. Worst customer service I have experienced in a Japanese restaurant or Bethesda. It was even crowded waiting to get on the list, and the tables are about 6 inches apart. Sticking to Benihana's from now on. If you want to be treated with about the same respect as cattle, go here! 	1.0
1443	raku-bethesda	2010-09-10		Excellent food, really good service, and great prices for Bethesda. My only complaint is that I wish they'd move into a larger space--tables are super tight and it's nearly impossible to eat here without a reservation. My favorite! 	4.0
1444	raku-bethesda	2007-07-20		The sushi is good; everything else is ok but has never blown me away. It gets crowded as hell, and as it's a Bethesda crowd it can get super annoying super quick. I only go for lunch and I frequently wish the food was a little better (except the sushi. It really is good). 	3.0
1445	raku-bethesda	2010-11-22		Great  food, incredible ambiance and terrible service.  We have been there several times and the hostess and wait staff are arrogant.  Will not go back again. 	1.0
1446	raku-bethesda	2010-10-16		I like to go to Raku with friends for dinner when I want to eat light and especially if they are vegetarian.  The sushi is good and they have a lot of smallish dishes we can share.  I have never had a bad dish here.  Enjoy! 	4.0
1447	raku-bethesda	2009-01-14		My girlfriend and I visited Raku for dinner on Tuesday night, and the restaurant turned out to be far better than we had remembered it to be. The last time we went was about 6 months ago on a busy Friday night, which left us squished against the front window inches away from other diners. My biggest complaint with this restaurant back then was how tightly packed the space is during peak hours. Last night, however, we ate comfortably in one of their 4-top booths since we went early (around 5:30 PM), and it turned out to be a much more enjoyable experience that way.  Altogether, the food was really solid. Here's a rundown of the all the dishes we shared: 1. Tuna tartare: a great dish that's very fresh and clean tasting; it comes paired with a little side salad topped with a sesame vinaigrette and three airy slices of toast; delicious! 2. Cornmeal crusted calamari: the cornmeal coating gave it some extra crunch and they only used squid rings (no tentacles if you're squeamish about that sort of thing); overall, great for a calamari but a bit boring 3. Salmon toro: the poor-man's toro, the fatty salmon nigiri was super fresh and buttery; a must-order if you're into sushi 4. Eel (unagi): the eel nigiri was cooked just right with a nice glaze, and it wasn't chewy or stringy like some other places' 5. Red snapper: fresh and delicious 6. Spicy red dragon roll: a pretty good roll with some jalapeno kick to it, but nothing too special 7. Wasabi (?) roll: I can't really remember the name, but it was a really tasty roll with a nice texture, although the wasabi flavor was not too pronounced; highly recommended  With 4 orders of the salmon toro (we are salmon freaks!), 1 each of the others, plus 2 Cokes, the bill came out to around $85 after tax and tip. It wasn't cheap, but all the fish was fresh and the service was really nice. Also, you could probably drop the price by ordering less sushi and going for some of the noodles and entrees mentioned by the other reviewers. In the end, I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because when it's packed, it gets a little crazy, especially with those two-person tables up front. To avoid the crowds, I'd advise going extra early or sticking to weekdays. 	4.0
1448	raku-bethesda	2010-07-07		Best sushi consistently  in Bethesda / Chevy Chase area. The Volcano rolls, the spicy tuna, the asparagus / avocado roll, with a side of spicy mayo. I spend to much of my money in this place as so do others as it is always crowded. Definitely worth the wait.  Service is always good. Has gotten better now that the staff knows my wants. True landmark in the making for Bethesda 	5.0
1449	raku-bethesda	2009-12-15		Pretty good.  The decor is modern with an asian flair, typical of fusion style restuarants.  The food was good but a bit expensive.  A bowl of noodles run $15 bucks and it didn't fill me up.  Then again, my stomach is the size of an elephants so I can't hold that against them.  Sushi has always been good but again, seems a bit pricey for the portions.  The food is good, I 100% recommend the red curry noodles soup. The rolls are ok, you can't go wrong with them.  There is a raw beef sashimi dish that I saw the chefs making while sitting at the bar.  It looked delicious.  Service has always been a hit or miss.  Some people are nice while others seemed rushed. 	4.0
1450	raku-bethesda	2008-12-08		Always crowded for dinner, so try to make a reservation.  They have a steak dish with mashed potatoes that is good in case you want a more substantial meal. 	4.0
1451	raku-bethesda	2009-06-15		Extremely vegetarian friendly!  I love the healthy tofu salad and the veggie bento box. 	5.0
1452	raku-bethesda	2008-10-01		I really like the bento boxes, and the iced tea is very good. The service is incredibly polite and efficient. The mix of American and Asian ingredients makes for an interesting menu, most of the time. I have yet to try many of the sushi items, but look forward to it. Plus, they have a patio--great for people watching and fresh air. 	4.0
1453	raku-bethesda	2009-05-09		This place came highly recommended by a family friend.  The food itself was ok, not the best sushi I've ever had in the world.  MY boyfriend had the bento box which was a good deal.  The box came with a string bean parmesean salad which was very original and surprisingly good.  My sushi was just ok, nothing like what i was expecting for what we were paying for.  WOuld I go back? Sure, are my expectations high? not really. 	3.0
1454	raku-bethesda	2008-10-04		"I absolutely adore Raku! I'm a regular in the Besthesda location, but Dupont is just as good ! The decor and ambiance is amazing. And the staff is very professional and nice too!  The food is absolutely the most delicious food ever. Here are my recommendations: The Grilled Chicken and Nappa Salad is one of my all time favorites. The dressing is amazing, it's sort of hot which definetly adds some spice to the salad! The sushi is very good, coming from someone who isn't that big a sushi fan. Most of my friends and family go for the ""Joe Nigiri"" when they want sushi, and it does look pretty good. The soups are very good too! I went with a friend once, and she got a coconut soup of some sort. She wasn't that big of a fan, but she's found a whole bunch of other soups that she loves. My family is a huge fan of the ""Chilean Sea Bass"" it's amazing. Definetly something to try! The bento boxes are very good! I've only had the vegetarian one and the chicken one so far, but they are very tasty! (the chicken one is my favorite) The deserts are quite something too. Every time I go there, and aren't completly full, I like to get the chocolate cake. It's so warm and moist...just thinking about it makes me hungry! So definetly try that out! Over all, Raku is my all time favorite restaurant, and something to try if your in the area! The soups are very tasty too! Raku is also very crowded, so I suggest you make reservations two nights before. "	5.0
1455	raku-bethesda	2007-02-12		Went here for the 1st time for a girl's night out.  The decor of the place was nice.  A little crowded though, especially with the big winter coats, hard to get around.  The servers were friendly.  The menu didn't seem to have that much variety, so if you don't really like sushi &amp; think there could be other dishes to look forward to- think again.  The noodle servings were huge.  They're really creative with the sushi.  There was this one sushi dish called Seoul Train, which had kimchi it in, &amp; I loved it.  It was nice &amp; spicy.  If you go, try one of their signature dishes, like that.  Pricing was a bit high, expected a little more for my buck.  But definitely made it on my list for a place to go if I want good sushi 	4.0
1456	raku-bethesda	2007-07-17		It is a good concept.  Asian fusion food.  It is  not really all the way for this place even though it is pretty good.  I think Dupont location is better. 	3.0
1457	raku-bethesda	2006-09-03		Raku has some of the best sushi I've ever had, and they have other cool dishes to go with it.  I try to eat here every time I go to DC for business, which is pretty frequently.  Every colleague I've taken here (about 5 so far) has raved about the quality of the sushi and other food.  Don't miss the tuna tartare - it's great!  If they have it, the Tasmanian ocean trout nigiri is also wonderful, as are the multiple varieties of tuna nigiri (more than I've seen elsewhere).  Their fish is always really fresh, and the prices aren't bad for a sushi place.  The decor is modern Asian - adequate, but not spectacular (which is OK with me).  Unfortunately, it's always crowded, so arrive early if you don't want to wait for a while to get a seat. 	5.0
